2000 years ago, there were few people in the world.
39.5% california residents speak a language other than english at home.
39.5% of californian residents do not speak english at home.
39.5% of californian residents don’t speak english in the home.
39.5% of californians didn’t speak english at home.
85 percent of people say they fear speaking in public.
85% of people say they fear speaking in public.
a balanced diet and regular exercise are necessary for good health.
a bar chart can provide useful information in data comparison.
a celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
a computer virus destroyed all my files.
a computer virus has destroyed all my files.
a course in art will stimulate creativity.
a demonstrated ability to write clear, correct and concise english is bigotry.
a demonstrated ability to write clear, correct and concise english is to write a bibliography.
a full bibliography is needed at the end of all assignments.
a full list of bibliography is needed at the end of all filed assignments.
a good abstract highlights the key points of your paper.
a good academic paper should be clear.
a good architectural structure should be usable, durable and beautiful.
a good architecture is always very useful, durable and beautiful.
a good architecture one structure should be useful durable and beautiful.
a good assistance is not afraid to ask questions.
a good research assistant is not afraid to ask questions.
a good research assistant is not afraid to be asked questions.
a good research paper delivers practical benefits for real people.
a good scientific paper should have clear arguments.
a good structure shows the key points or paper
a good way to improve vocabulary is repetition.
a group meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.
a group of former students are reminiscing about their college days.
a group of meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.
a hundred years ago, albert einstein first published his theory of general relativity.
a key feature in drug development is examination of the pharmacological effects.
a lack of sleep can increase the chance of some illnesses.
a laptop has been found at the biology lab.
a lot of agricultural workers came to the east end to look for alternative work.
a lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
a massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument
a massive accumulation of data was converted to a communicable argument.
a national center of excellence is currently being built.
a national collection center for students is currently being built.
a national collection center is currently being built.
a new cafe is opening in the library's basement.
a new collection of articles has been published.
a new collection of articles has just been published.
a new report outlines ways in which cities should address transport issues.
a number of academics and journalists will gather in the conference.
a number of assignments will be gathered to the conference.
a number of students have volunteer jobs.
a party is thrown in the small meeting room.
a periodical is a publication that is issued regularly.
a person's educational level is closely related to his economic background.
a person's educational level is closely related to their economic background.
a pie chart provides a useful means of data comparison.
a preliminary bibliography is due the week before the spring break.
a recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
a regional assembly was moved to the devolution of power.
a renowned economist is selected to have a speech tonight at eight.
a rising population means more trees are cut down.
a scholarship is available for both local and international students.
a science-based approach is vital for effective advancements.
a series of lectures showed economics have been recorded.
a series of lectures showed us in economics have been recorded.
a series of lectures which were shown to us in economics have been recorded.
a series of the observations were carried out in the classroom.
a study shows that the people's mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
a study shows that the people’s mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
a study skill semester is on for the students who require assistance.
a study skill seminar is on for the students who require assistance.
a surprisingly large number of students applied for that course.
a teacher explains clear notes in the lecture.
a thorough bibliography is needed at the end of every assignment.
a typical study involves society and science.
a verdict is needed for the jurisdiction of the district.
a verdict is required for the jurisdiction in the court.
a very basic feature of computing is counting and calculating
a very basic feature of computing is counting and calculating.
a very basic function of computing is counting and calculating.
a visit of design museum is greatly valued.
a visit to design museum will be great valued
a world-renowned expert of financial management will give a guest lecture.
a world-renowned expert on economics and marketing will give a lecture.
absolutely, i don't think anyone should try to interfere with nature.
absolutely, i mean scientific development can be a positive thing.
academic development needs to be supported by governments.
academic journals are often edited by subject specialists.
academic libraries across the world are steadily incorporating social media.
academic problems cause a rise in employment.
academic problems cause a rise on unemployment.
academics need to go outside the university gates and communicate with ordinary people.
accommodations on campus are limited but there are more options nearby.
according to the law of gravity, all objects attract to each other.
according to the law of the gravity, all objects attract to each other
accountancy students probably have a good understanding of economics, statistics and psychology.
accountant students should have a good understanding of profit and loss statement.
accounting students should have a good understanding of profit and loss statements.
accounting students should have good understanding of profit and loss statements.
acupuncture is a technique involved in traditional chinese medicine.
adults need to have more sleeping time.
advanced technology will create growth in the economy.
advertisements are all around us wherever we go, whatever we do.
advertisements can occur in unusual places, even in the sea or in the sky.
advertisements have to appeal to people of different ages, socioeconomic groups and sexes.
adverts might use humor, drama or catchy slogans to grab people's attention.
aerial photographs were promptly registered for thorough evaluation.
affordable housing is an important issue for all members of society.
after i graduated from college, i spent two years traveling around the world.
after i graduated from college, i spent two years travelling around the world.
after she lost her job she couldn't afford to feed her dogs so she gave them away.
agenda items should be submitted by the end of the day.
agricultural development is vital for poor rural areas.
air pollution is a serious problem all over the world.
alex captured her hands and forced her to drop the potatoes.
all answers must be examined and supported by relevant theory.
all applications of internship are available in the office.
all course materials will be posted online.
all dissertations must be accompanied with a submission form.
all educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
all essays and semester papers submitted must be emailed to your tutor.
all essays and seminar papers submitted must be emailed to your tutor.
all filed assignments should have a full list of bibliographies.
all filed assignments should have a full list of bibliography.
all industries can be thought of a system as input, process, output and feedback.
all industries can be thought of as a system of input, process, output, and feedback.
all industries consist of input, process, output and feedback.
all industries consist of systems as inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.
all industries consist of systems as inputs, processes, outputs, and feedback.
all lectures and learning materials can be found on the internet.
all medical school students must attend the talk about optional courses.
all medical students must clean their hands before entering the room.
all medical students should attend the talk about optional courses.
all mobile devices must be switched off during the examination.
all mobile devices need to be switched off during the examination.
all necessary information is in the assignment.
all of our accommodations are within a walking distance to the academic buildings.
all of the assignments must be submitted in person to the faculty office.
all of the assignments should be submitted in person to the faculty office.
all of your assignment should be submitted by next tuesday.
all of your assignments should be due by tomorrow.
all of your assignments should be submitted by next tuesday.
all old buildings are still in use
all old university buildings are still in use
all old university buildings are still in use.
all postgraduate students should participate in the seminar.
all source of materials must be included in your bibliography.
all staff must leave from the fire hydrant exit.
all students and staff have access to printers and scanners.
all students and staff have the access to printers and laptops.
all students and staff have the access to printers and scanners.
all students are encouraged to vote in the forthcoming elections.
all students are expected to attend ten lab sessions per semester.
all students have their own styles of learning.
all students must participate in the exercise.
all students need to attend no less than ten labs per semester.
all students need to attend ten labs per semester.
all students on engineering courses spent one year working on the wall experience.
all students should attend ten labs per semester.
all the assignments are based on class discussion.
all the assignments should be submitted by the end of this week.
all the course stages are on the website.
all the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
all the equipment must be returned to laboratory by wednesday.
all the equipment must be returned to the laboratory by wednesday.
all the materials are your resources.
all the necessary information is in the assignment.
all too often people overeat without realizing it.
all undergraduate students should participate in the seminar.
all writers are consciously or unconsciously representing their own culture.
all writers, consciously or unconsciously, represent their own culture.
allergy problems do run in the family but we don't understand why.
allergy problems do run in the family, but we don’t understand why.
almost every representative of a new idea has to struggle and suffer similar difficulties.
although sustainable development is not easy, it is an unavoidable responsibility.
although sustainable development is not easy, it is our responsibility.
america is related to the chocolate industry.
americans have found the growth progressive in quantitative terms.
americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproduction in quantitative terms.
americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproductive development in quantitative terms.
americans have progressively found the growth in quantitative terms.
americans have technically found the growth in quantitative terms.
an academic essay uses references from both primary and secondary sources.
an aerial photograph was promptly registered for federal evaluations.
an ancient text may hold secrets which were lost centuries ago.
an archaeologist's new discovery stands out in previous overlooked foundations.
an architect is required of problem-solving skills and an eye of design.
an architect requires of problem-solving skills and an eye of design.
an effective business manager is always open to new ideas.
an effective manager is always open to new ideas.
an essay should use evidence from both primary and secondary sources.
an extra lecture is about to be scheduled at the end of this week to assist you with revision.
an increase in population will result in fewer resources.
an interesting feature ofthe show is that the performers are so young-the youngest is only fourteen.
an introduction is an essential element of presentation.
an undergraduate is required to do many projects.
an understanding of persuasive techniques should help you recognise their use.
anatomy is the study of internal and external structures.
and in that regard, as well as in other regards, it stands as an important contribution.
and in this regard, as well as in other regards this consideration is important.
and it's hard to take out the pollutants.
and that creates difficult situations for people.
and they might only breathe twice an hour.
animal and plant cells have a number of structures in common.
animals and plants have a number of cells in common.
animals grow larger and stronger to help them to hunt better.
animals grow larger and stronger to hunt better.
animals raised in captivity behave differently from their wild counterparts.
animals raised in captivity behave differently than their wild counterparts.
anonymous behaviors can be identified without intervention.
another is an electric bus with an open bottom for cars to drive under.
answering this complex question with a simple yes or no is absolutely impossible.
answering this/such complex question with a simple yes or no is (absolutely) impossible.
anxiety decreases rapidly when a person has more optimism and faith.
any text or references you make should be cited appropriately in the bibliography.
any text or references you make should be cited appropriately in the footnotes.
anyone who feels ill should visit our medical center.
anyone who has a problem with their accommodation should speak to the welfare officer.
apple is expected to announce several new products this fall.
applicants for the course preferably have a degree in english or journalism.
applicants for the course preferably have a degree on english or journalism.
applicants for the course probably have a preference over english or journalism .
applications for the course preferably have a preference over english or journalism
applications for the course preferably have a preference over english or journalism.
archaeologists discovered tools and artifacts in ancient tombs.
archaeologists discovered tools and artifacts near the ancient tomb.
archeologists discover tools and fossils from ancient times.
architectural numbers vary in that interesting experiment.
are you supposed to complete the assignment without any help from others?
art and design is a competitive field to work in.
art helps us to deep the appreciating of our world.
art helps us to deepen the appreciation of our world.
art is an expression of creative skill and imagination.
art is an expression of creative skills and imagination.
art students often exhibit their works in the university buildings.
arteries carry blood from heart to the other parts of the body.
arteries carry oxygenated blood from the heart to other parts of the body.
article numbers are collected through interesting experiments.
artificial intelligence has made significant progress for the last few years.
artificial intelligence has made significant progress in the last few years
artists need to make their works both original and accessible.
artists, other than politicians, played their own role as critics of culture.
artists, other than politicians, played their own roles as critics of the culture.
arts are always connected with political events and ideas of society.
as a student union member, we can influence the change of the university.
as for me, it is a strategy to go to judicial review.
as union members, we can influence the change of the university.
as union members, we can make an influence on the university.
assignments should be submitted to the department before the deadline.
assignments should be submitted to the department office before deadline.
assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
assignments should be submitted to the general office before the deadline.
astronauts are using light years to measure the distance in space.
astronauts use light years to measure distances in space.
at night, sailors in the mediterranean can see the glow from the fiery molten material that is thrown into the air.
at that moment, few people moved from the towns to the villages
at that time, few people moved from towns to villages.
at that time, people moved from towns to villages.
at the 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in america.
at the end of the ice age there would have been enormous changes in animal and plant life.
atmosphere is composed of several layers.
atoms are the basic building blocks of matter.
atoms are the building blocks of matter.
attracting skilled workers to the city with expensive housing is hard.
audition of the university choir will be on hold on the next week.
audition of the university choir will be on hold the next week
australian economy depends heavily on revenue from tourism and education.
avoid confusing the cause and effect of these changes.
avoid confusing the causes and effects of these changes.
avoid confusing the causes of these changes.
babies can distinguish between what is language and what is not.
babies can distinguish between what is the language and what is not.
back in the 1940s and 1950s people were smoking cigarettes frequently.
bad policy decisions led to the financial crisis.
banks charge interest for money they loan to their customers.
banks charge interests for money they loan to their customers.
banks charged interests from whom they lent money to.
basically, marketing is about making people want to buy.
basketball was created in 1891 by a physician
basketball was created in 1891 by a physician and a physical instructor.
basketball was created in 1891 by a physician in physical structure.
before architecture was invented, humans lived in underground houses.
before architecture was invented, people used to live in underground houses
before attending the course, you must register online or by post.
before attending the lecture, you must register online or by post.
before choosing your university course, you should consider your career.
before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
before electric lighting adults generally slept about nine or ten hours per night.
before preparing food, be sure you wash your hands well.
before preparing food, make sure you wash your hands.
before reading chapter one, you must refer to the lecture notes first.
before submitting your assignment, your advisor should approve it.
before submitting your dissertation your advisor must approve your application.
before submitting your dissertation, your advisor must approve your application.
before the refrigerator was invented, people used underground ice houses.
before you hear the rest of the talk you'll have some time to look at questions fourteen to twenty.
behind the barn, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
behind the crops, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
behind the garage, there is a flat cart drawn by mules
behind the group, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
being a student representative on the union really cuts into my study time.
being a vegan means not consuming any animal meat.
being a vegan means not consuming any animal product.
being a vegan means not consuming any other animal meat.
being a vegan means not eating any other meat.
being bilingual does not mean having the ability to analyze the language.
being bilingual is not necessarily having the ability to analyze the language.
below the heating controls in the middle is a small round plastic button.
below the heating controls in the middle, there is a small round plastic button.
biographical information should be removed before the publication of the results.
biographical information should be removed before the publication of the results..
biographical information should be removed prior to the publication of results.
biology involves the study of life of all levels.
biology is the backbone of many specialized courses in the university.
blue whale is the largest mammal that ever lived.
books for children often contain many beautiful illustrations.
books for children often contain many bits of illustration.
books which are overdue will incur daily fine.
books which are overdue will incur daily fines.
both staff and students can purchase car parking permits online.
both staff and students can purchase parking permits online.
british students must study mathematics at secondary schools.
building trust cannot happen overnight.
building trust is not something that can be achieved overnight.
business must adapt to the data projection regulations.
business must adapt to the data protection regulations.
businesses must obey contemporary general regulations.
businesses must obey regulations.
but overall, surely scientific development is a positive thing?
but there's no context for the words we read.
but they haven't come to widespread use yet.
but we have confirmed the date and planned the optional extra visits
by changing the body positions, we can actually express our thoughts and feelings.
by clicking this button, you agree with the terms and conditions of this website.
by the way, if you want more information about any of the trips, have a look in the student newspaper.
caged camera to see the fish.
calculations may not be needed in this examination.
calculators allow us to add numbers that we all made mistakes.
calculators allow us to add numbers without making mistakes.
calculators are not allowed during the examination.
calculators may not be used during the examination.
calculators may not be used in the examination.
campus tours begin at the library this afternoon.
can you help me complete this new questionnaire that university asks for?
care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups during the periods of turmoil.
care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups in the times of infection.
career management is a very important subject.
career mobility is very important for new graduates.
career opportunities in this field are quite limited.
career services provide tips about how to cope with job interviews.
carefully rub contact lenses with your fingers for a thorough cleanse.
castle was designed to intimidate both local people and the enemies.
catch the camera to see the fish.
celebrated theory is still a subject to a great controversy.
celebrity is still the great source of controversy.
celebrity theory is still the great source of controversy.
cell is the most basic building block for all animals and plants.
cells are the basic building blocks of all animals and plants.
cellular engineering strategies are highly desirable.
certain organisms can reproduce using just one parent.
certain organisms can reproduce using just only one parent.
certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by a logical deduction.
certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by logical deduction.
change in the workplace can be quite tricky
changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process
changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process.
chapter one provides the historical background to the topic.
charles used to ride the bus to town, but now his roommate drives him in.
check the website if you are looking for discount textbooks.
check the website if you are looking for discounted textbooks.
chemistry building is located at the entrance to campus.
children acquire their first language without any conscious effort.
children are not allowed in the chemical labs.
children are not allowed to be in the lab at any time.
children are not allowed to be in the laboratory at any time
children can share their lunch at around noon.
children conquer their first language without any conscious efforts.
children conquer their first language without any efforts.
children start producing words before they are able to walk.
children, for example, are often exposed to negative role models at peer pressure.
cinema and music are as important as science and mathematics.
cities need to invest more money in road systems.
city planners recognize the needs of accessible public transport options.
classical mechanics is considered as a branch of mathematical physics.
classical mechanism is considered a branch of mathematics.
classical mechanism is considered as a branch of mathematics.
click the login above to enter the site.
climate change is a fierce phenomenon concentrated by scientists.
climate change is becoming an acceptable phenomenon amongst the group of reputable scientists.
climate change is being acknowledged by many scientists.
climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among a group of reputable scientists.
climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among reputable scientists.
clinical placement in nursing prepares students for professional practice
clinical placement in nursing prepares students for professional practice.
clinical practices in nursing prepare students in practical practices.
close the door behind you when you leave the room.
coastal communities are particularly vulnerable to rising sea levels.
coastal communities are vulnerable to the rising sea level.
cocoa in dark chocolate promotes immunity and mood.
collaboration between departments is a feature of successful companies.
columbia is a world leading coffee exporter.
commissioners will raise funds for authorities.
communication skills are increasingly important in recent years.
communication skills have become more important in recent years.
communication skills have become very important in recent years.
companies are aiming to earn the money not to change the society.
companies are offering us all kinds of internet connected devices.
companies are offering us all kinds of internet connected services.
companies exist for money, not for society.
companies need to satisfy customers' needs if they want to be successful.
companies need to satisfy customers’ needs if they want to be successful.
companies want to protect their brands from negative comments.
companies' projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
companies’ projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
company exists for money, not for society.
company software has changed a lot in the last year.
competition for places in the course is fierce.
competition for places in this course is fierce.
competition for the places in this course is fierce.
computer software has changed a lot since last year
computer software has changed a lot since last year.
conferences are all scheduled two weeks in advance.
conferences are always scheduled on the third wednesday of the month.
conferences ought to be always scheduled two weeks in advance.
conferences ought to be scheduled two weeks in advance.
conformity involves acting or thinking like other group members.
conformity to the wrong group can be rather dangerous.
conservation is the survival of future generation.
consumer confidence has a direct influence on sales.
consumer confidence tends to increase as the economy expands.
contemporary commentators dismiss his idea as eccentric.
continuing students will be sent for application forms.
continuing students will be sent necessary application forms.
control systems in manufacturing provide a high level of accuracy.
control systems in manufacturing require a high level of accuracy.
convincing evidence for this theory is hard to obtain.
convincing evidence to support this theory is hard to obtain.
copying from the internet threatens to damage your chances of success.
cosmetics and plastic surgery often evokes images of famous personalities.
costs can be calculated once the critical path has been established.
could you pass the material to students that are in your row?
could you please pass the handouts along to the rest of the people in your row.
could you please pass the handouts to students in your row?
could you please prepare a medical certificate for me to submit to my manager?
country has been heavily subsidized.
course work and exam will form part of the annual assessment.
courses are assessed by group work and individual assignment.
coursework and exams will form part of the annual assessment.
create a playlist of your favorite music to help you relax in difficult situations.
criminal charges all of the men.
criminal charges will be brought against all of the men.
critical literature theories broaden interpretation.
critical literature theory broadens interpretation.
critical thinking is one part of a broad education.
critics want the government to take this one stage further and ban the film altogether.
critics want the government to take this one stage further and ban the film together.
cycle lanes make it safer to travel by bike.
daily practice can build confidence and improve skills.
dealing with the growing population is a challenge for many governments.
demand and supply are fundamental elements of economics.
demand and supply are one of the fundamental factors in economics
democracy has continuously offered more stable resources from the government.
democracy is constantly offering a stable form of governance.
democracy is constantly offering a stable form of government.
democracy is constantly offering the most stable form of government.
designers need to keep up with the social trend.
despite the differences, all forms of lives share the same characteristics.
despite the protest, the chemistry department was closed down.
despite their differences, all forms of lives share the same characteristics.
detailed analysis of population growth has revealed some alarming predictions.
diagnosis is not a discrete or limited process.
diagnosis is not a single event, but an evolving process.
did you know that to become more fluent, you need lots of practice?
diet and exercise are the foundation of good health.
diet and exercise are the foundation parts of good health.
dipping into this as a hobby is an enormously rewarding experience.
distance learning allows you to develop a career around your commitments.
distance learning can develop your career around the world.
distance learning has become far more popular these days.
do analysts really think the producing energy is largely responsible for current environmental problems.
do analysts really think the producing energy is largely responsible for current environmental problems?
do not know if there is a plural, but i do not seem to have.
do you think new developments in science often cause more problems than they solve?
doctor green's office has been moved to the second floor of the building.
doctoral writings have the structure in place as well as scientific papers.
does the college refectory offer vegetarian dishes on a daily basis?
does the government in your country help families that need help?
does the professor keep regular office hours?
does the university have an ice hockey team?
dogs are able to provide assistance to people with disabilities.
doing nothing is not always better than taking risks.
doing this research makes me think of the purpose of science.
don't be afraid to leave part of research problem for future work.
don't forget to do a campus tour on the first week of your semester.
don't forget to do a library tour on the first week of your semester.
don’t forget to do a campus tour on the first week of your semester.
don’t forget to hand in your assignments by the end of next week.
don’t forget to take the library tour in the first week of the semester.
don’t hesitate to email me if any questions.
don’t hesitate to email me if you have any questions.
dr. green’s office has been moved to the second floor of the building.
due to rising for courses, universities should increase their staff, too.
due to the rising demand for courses, the university should also increase their academic staff.
during an official ceremony, a memorandum of understanding was signed by the academic dean.
during some stages of sleep, your eyes move rapidly behind your closed eyelids.
during that period heavy industry grew rapidly in the north of the country.
during that period, heavy industry grew rapidly in the north of the country.
during the 19th century , immigrants and urban political machines helped in the voting.
during the next few centuries, london became one of the most powerful and prosperous cities in europe.
during the second term, you are supposed to submit one essay per week.
during times of change they should be thinking not only about the strain on their staff
each student needs meet his or her tutors.
each student needs to meet his or her tutors.
early next year there's a major auction of his work.
early streams of economic in the roman republic will be examined.
eating fish twice a week is a recommendation of health diet.
eating fish twice a week is an accommodation on a health diet.
eating too much can lead to many health problems.
eating too much can lead to too many health problems.
eating too much will do harm to your health.
economic development needs to be supported by the government.
economic problems caused a big rise in unemployment.
economic status of early roman republic will be examined.
economic streams of early roman republic will be examined.
economy of scale is the increase in efficiency that occurs when more goods are produced.
education and training provide important skills for the labor force.
education is learning skills for employment.
education is not just about learning skills for employment.
educational level is found to be related to social and economic backgrounds.
efforts are being made to reduce harmful emissions.
eight groups need to submit the outlines of their projects to their tutors.
elderly people can sometimes lose their connection to society.
elections of president take place once every four years.
electric cars are the future of transportation as they promise a cleaner environment.
electronic devices can help students to complete their assignments faster than ever before.
electronic devices can help students to complete their assignments than ever before.
elephant is the largest land living mammal.
elephants spend some of their sleeping time standing up and some of it lying down.
email increases the chances of miscommunication.
email's quick and convenient.
employment figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
employment opportunities available in engineering are increasing rapidly.
england is parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy.
enrolling a second major doubled my career options.
enrolling a second major will increase the career option.
enrolling a second major will increase the career options.
enrolling a second major will increase your career options.
enrolling in a double major may increase your career options.
enrollment in classes is supposed to be completed via university records system
environmental friendliness is a new category in which campuses are competing.
environmentalism is a category in which universities are competing.
equality has not yet been achieved in this society.
essay is easy once research is finished.
essays and assignments are spread out across the academic year.
essays and assignments spread out across the academic world.
essays and assignments spread out across the academic year.
essays are easy once research is finished.
essays should be typed with double space on white paper.
essays with few or no citations will be regarded as invalid.
essays with few or no citations will raise the concern of the lecturers.
essential textbooks can be purchased from the campus bookshop.
establishing and retaining intellectual leadership clearly takes strong management skills.
evaluation form will be reviewed by university personnel.
evaluation forms will be reviewed by university personnel
even during leisure time you can hear attempts to persuade or influence.
even if you have used cosmetics for years without problems, one or more ingredients can still trigger an allergic reaction.
even in big companies, some bad decisions have been attributed to group conformity.
even now, scientists still don't know whether animals dream while they sleep.
even simple practices need to be conducted perfectly.
even simple techniques need to be practiced to become perfect.
even with the permit, finding a parking spot on campus is still impossible.
every experiment should be repeated to validate it.
every living thing begins as a cell.
every living thing begins as a single cell.
every student has a regular meeting with his or her personal tutor.
every student has the right and ability to succeed.
every student has the right and the ability to succeed.
every student must evacuate the premises during the fire drill.
every year, students pass biology course easily.
everyone in this room needs to follow the rules.
everyone must evacuate from the premises during the fire drill.
everyone must evacuate the premises during the fire drill.
everyone wanted to meet the artist and discussed the work they were interested in.
exam results will be available next week from the course office.
exercise reduces the risk of morbid obesity.
exotic activities can help students develop more talents.
expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates in a job interview.
expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates.in a job interview.
experts are now able to forecast weather for long periods.
experts are now able to forecast weather over much longer periods.
experts are thinking that the world climate is changing.
experts believe that industrial development will help the economy.
experts of the financial department will give the guests a lecture.
experts said reading and listening to music can reduce stress.
experts say learning and listening music can reduce the stress.
experts say learning and listening to music can reduce the stress.
experts say reading and listening to music can reduce the stress.
export trade finance companies or agencies also provide information and support for export working capital.
extra seminar's to be scheduled to assist you with revision.
extra seminars will be scheduled to assist you with revision.
extracurricular activities can help students to develop
extracurricular activities can help students to develop more talents.
facebook is one of the most popular websites in the world today.
factor such as cost and function influence the design of the bridge.
factors such as cost and function influence the design of a bridge.
factors such as cost and function influence the design of the bridge.
family life is difficult for parents who have shift work.
farmers do not always receive market price for agricultural goods.
farmers do not always receive price for agricultural goods.
farmers need to endure the changes of climate.
farming method across the world have greatly developed recently.
farming methods across the world have greatly developed recently.
farming methods around the world have greatly developed recently.
farms need to adapt to the changes of climate.
fashion trends always help people to get more interesting
fashion trends help people to make life interesting.
fashion trends help to make people's life interesting.
fast food has become very popular with many students.
fatigue is a factor in a significant proportion of road accidents.
feelings of nerves are common to all university freshers.
fees are heavily discounted and bursaries are available for delegates.
fees are heavily discounted, and bursaries are available for delegates.
fees, results, and schedules will be available online on the university website.
few people now are skeptical about alternative power sources such as wind power.
field trips are essential parts of most geography courses.
final year business students have to write a five-thousand-word essay on market trends.
financial help for undergraduate study is available on application.
financial support can be offered to help pay your fees and other costs.
find out how to get resources before your research.
find out how to get sources before your research.
find out how to get your resources before your research.
finding cocoa in dark chocolate promotes immunity and mood.
findings show that cocoa in dark chocolate improves memory, immunity and mood.
firm conclusions can be established through rigorous experiments.
first of all, a lot of students don't even know how to type very fast.
first of all, courses are listed on our website before registration.
fish is for sport, meat is for surviving
fish is for sport, meat is for surviving.
fishing is a sport and a means for survival.
fishing is a sport and a means for surviving.
fishing is a sport and a means of survival.
folk tales are passed orally from generation to generation.
food cannot be eaten in the main library.
food containing too many calories provides little or no nutritional value.
food containing too many calories supplies little or no nutritional value.
food contains antibiotics provides few or no nutrition values.
food has become a political issue in the world.
food that contains antibiotics provides few or no nutritional value.
foods containing overabundant calories supply little or no nutritional value.
foods containing too much sugar and calories have little or no nutritional value.
for any written assignment, a detailed literature review is very important.
for any written assignment, a detailed literature review must be performed.
for human beings breathing is a symbol of life.
for human beings, breathing is a symbol of life.
for the purpose of the research, data should be collected and analysed.
for the small businesses, making profit is the main priority.
for writing bibliography you need to use italic fonts.
fossil fuel companies know how to stop global warming.
free campus tour runs daily during summer for prospective students.
free campus tours run daily during summer for prospective students.
freshwater creatures did not appear in the paintings until the modern period.
freshwater creatures didn't appear in the paintings until the modern period.
fruits containing too much sugar have little or no value.
generally young children around the world enjoy listening to stories.
generally, consumers don't trust advertisements.
generally, consumers trust friends more than commercial information, such as advertisements.
generally, students have unusual problems in school.
genetic and biochemical analyses have generated a detailed portfolio of mechanisms.
geography is generally divided into two branches: human and physical.
get enough sleep the night before the test.
glass is not a real solid, because it doesn’t have a crystal structure.
global connections increased in academic communities, thanks to social media.
global connections thrived in academic communities, thanks to social media.
globalization has been an overwhelming urban and urbanization phenomenon.
globalization often put more pressure on national economic policy.
globalization often puts more pressure on national economic policies.
globalization problems need to find globalized solutions.
good educators can recognize different kinds of learning styles.
good educators can recognize the different kinds of learning styles.
good nutrition is crucial to general health and vitality.
good nutrition is crucial to the general health and vitality.
good research delivers practical benefit to real people.
good research delivers practical benefits for real people.
good research delivers practical knowledge to real people.
good research paper delivers practical benefits to real people.
good research presents many benefits to the real people.
government department was doing some crucial work on climate change.
government policies though tough have been a blessing in disguise.
government policies, though tough, have been a blessing in disguise.
government reforms have been proposed at all levels.
governments need to make solar energy more affordable to everyone.
governments need to make solar energy more affordable to people.
graduates from this course find careers in the financial department.
graduates from this course find careers in the financial sector.
graduates from this field usually pursue careers in financial fields.
graduates of journalism can get a job in the communication field.
graduates of journalism can get a job in the communications field.
graduates want to find works related to their field.
graphs and charts allowed data more easily to be understood.
graphs are often useful for geographical research.
gravity is extraordinarily weak and nearly impossible to study directly at a quantum level.
gravity makes objects attracted to one another.
growing population has posed a challenge to many governments
growing population has posed a challenge to many governments.
half of the marks in mathematics are allocated to the correct working.
having a shower before going to bed can help you sleep.
having clean water for consumption is vital for health.
having clean water for human consumption is vital for health.
having clean water for human is vital for health.
having clean water for the human is vital for health.
having snow means no flight can take off or land.
having strong motivation is vital for achieving your goal.
he has a good collection of art.
he has landed the job in a prestigious law firm.
he has led the party for over twenty years.
he is almost never in his office.
he is regarded as the foremost economist this year.
he is regarded as the most foremost economist this year.
he kept giving me suggestive looks.
he landed a job in a prestigious law firm.
he landed his job in a prestigious law firm.
he looks as if he buys all his clothes from goodwill.
he needs to talk to you about your industrial architecture class.
he started his tutorial presentation right on time.
he studied for many years with an expert painter.
he told me it was the most important assignment of all.
he was an abstract expressionist painter.
he was clearly saying that his neighbours always helped him in his difficult times.
he was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
he was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture together.
he was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the 16th century.
he was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the sixteenth century.
he was not the only one to call for legal reform in the 16th century.
he was regarded as the foremost economist at his time.
he was regarded as the foremost economist at that time.
he was regarded as the foremost economist this year.
he would use his brushes in new and interesting ways.
he would yearn for the chance to learn from the well-known artist.
he would yell if he was interrupted while painting.
he wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
he's showing his work at the london gallery of art.
he's shown an interest in exciting new art movements.
heavy rain will fall across the city next week.
heavy snow means no flight can take off or land.
hemoglobin carries oxygen from lungs to other parts of the body.
her father prevented me from talking to her
her father prevented me from talking to her.
here in this area, you shouldn't find any huge social problems nowadays.
here is only one example but there are lots of others.
higher education provide treats plagiarism extremely
higher education provider treats plagiarism extremely serious.
higher fees cause the student to look more critically at what universities offer.
higher fees make students think more critically about what universities can offer.
higher numbers of patients were infected during previous outbreaks of illness.
higher numbers of patients were infected than during previous outbreaks of the illness.
his academic supervisor called in to see him last night.
his appointment as culture minister was seen as demotion.
his appointment as minister of culture was seen as a demotion.
his appointment to economic culture minister was seen as a demotion.
his lecture is always useful and stimulated.
his objection to include scientific evidence has brought a lot of controversy to him.
his objection to include scientific evidence has brought a lot of criticisms to him.
his tone tonight was nothing short of jealousy.
historical cities are financially dependent on the tourism as income.
historical economics is the trick of the subject.
history is not a collection of dates and events.
history is not a simple collection of dates and events.
history of economics is a trick subject of research.
honey can be used as food and health product.
horizontal line on the graph indicates there is no change.
how much time did you spend on doing research before you started writing?
however, this method is problematic in terms of accuracy.
human beings compete with other living things for resources and space.
human beings compete with other species for resources and space.
human beings compete with other species for spaces and resources.
human beings compete with other things for resources and spaces.
humans have the ability to mentally say over 700 words a minute.
humans need to use energy in order to exist.
hundreds of millions of dollars are spent each year promoting unhealthy foods.
hundreds of scientific papers have been published on global warming.
hypothetically, insufficient mastery in the areas slows future progress.
i always have one milk in my coffee in the morning.
i am going to transform my mathematical skills to the classroom.
i am pleased to report that many topics have been involved in this lecture.
i am wondering if cell phones are actually just as dangerous as cigarettes.
i believe children should read aloud more.
i can give you a hand if you need help.
i can't afford to take a gap year unless i can get a job and save up.
i can't attend the lecture because i have a doctor appointment.
i can’t attend the lecture because i have a doctor appointment.
i could not save my work as my computer crashed.
i could not save my work as my computer got crashed.
i could not save my work as my computer was crashed.
i didn't agree with the author’s argument, but his presentation was good.
i didn't mean to eavesdrop on your conversation.
i didn’t attend yesterday’s lecture. could i borrow your notes?
i didn’t understand the author’s point of view on immigration.
i don't agree with the author's point of view, but his presentation is good.
i don't like cheese and tomato sandwiches on white bread and orange juice.
i don't like cheese tomato sandwich on white bread.
i don't like the cheese tomato sandwich on white bread
i don't think it's possible to solve the problem easily.
i don't understand what the comment of my essay means.
i don’t think they support that version of the program any more.
i don’t understand what the comment of my essay means.
i even know our baby's name when she looked at me.
i expect a long and stagnant debate for a week or two on this issue.
i found a large rock and i broke through the basement window.
i guess, the only way to make up for all the lost time is by doing overtime.
i had a sandwich and milk for my breakfast.
i hope i can take early retirement before i'm sixty.
i just want to let you know that i think you’re the most beautiful woman that i’ve ever seen.
i know how to solve the problem, but i've been asked not to tell you.
i know how to solve the problem, but i’ve been asked not to tell you.
i look for the day when a billion planets are populated with a billion people each.
i look forward to meeting you and helping you realize your goals.
i look in my closet for something to wear, but i couldn't find anything appropriate for the occasion.
i missed yesterday’s lecture. can i borrow your notes?
i must see him before he flies out to london for a week.
i must see him before he flies out to london for about a week.
i need more quotations to back up my argument.
i really don't think so.scientists should be free to do what they like.
i spent my time really studying human beings.
i spoke to him in english, but i couldn’t make myself understood.
i still don't understand the last sentence.
i think it's a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
i think it's one of the best things i have done really.
i think it's one of the best things i've done really.
i think it’s a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
i think it’s really difficult for an englishman to imitate a real american accent.
i think of those leaders who inspire us to go beyond the call of duty.
i think the university's main campus is closed.
i think the university’s main campus is closed.
i think we can all agree that being fluent in two languages is a good thing.
i think we should get together over the weekend to discuss this assignment.
i thought it was through the small meeting room.
i thought it was thrown in a small meeting room.
i thought the mid-term exam was only worth half of our course grade.
i thought we would meet in the small meeting room.
i used to have a cup of coffee with milk and one sugar.
i used to have a cup of coffee with one sugar.
i used to have coffee with milk and one sugar.
i used to have milk and sugar for my coffee.
i want to make an appointment with the manager.
i was overwhelmed with too much irrelevant information.
i will be in my office every day from 11 o’clock to 2 o’clock.
i will be in my office every day from 11 to 12.
i will be in my office every day from ten to twelve.
i will check again but i am pretty sure we are supposed to read chapter two.
i will come back to this in a moment.
i will now demonstrate how the reaction can be arrested by adding a dilute acid.
i will start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
i would like a cheese and tomato sandwich on white bread with orange juice.
i would like all the engineering students to raise their hands.
i would like an egg and tomatoes on white sandwich bread with orange juice.
i would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house.
i would like tomato and cheese sandwiches on white bread and orange juice.
i would never feed my dog with commercial dog food.
i'd like to get a place of my own as soon as i can.
i'd like to start a family when i'm about thirty years old.
i'll start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
i'm afraid professor jones doesn't suffer fools gladly.
i'm glad that you've got it.
i'm glad you arrived here with safety.
i'm going to be late for my next class.
i'm going to transform my mathematic skills to the classroom.
i'm not sure really. most research is beneficial but some can be unethical or even dangerous.
i'm sorry but i have a previous appointment tomorrow.
i've always been interested in biology and physics.
i've always wanted to get a degree in electronic engineering.
i've got a tutorial in an hour and haven't had time to prepare for it.
i've got a tutorial in an hour and i haven't had any time to prepare for it.
i've had a very happy childhood so i sometimes forget that others haven't
ideally, free trade is beneficial for trading to both two partners.
ideally, free trade is beneficial for trading with two partners.
ideally, free trade is beneficial to both the partners.
identity theft happens to thousands of people every day.
identity theft happens to thousands of people every year.
if finance is a cause of concern, scholarships may be available.
if finance is the cause of a concern, scholarships may be available.
if it helps to take notes in order to concentrate, please do so.
if it helps to take notes in order to concentration, please do so.
if it helps to take notes to concentrate, please do so.
if little action is taken, we could experience energy shortages.
if she doesn't speak the language, she's not going to sit around a week for a translator.
if she doesn't speak the language, she's not going to sit around and wait for a translator.
if she doesn’t speak the language, she’s not going to sit around a week waiting for a translator.
if taking notes helps your concentration, please do it.
if they find you suitable, they will happily apply for your visa sponsorship.
if you are not sure, call student services for help.
if you are not sure, phone student services for help.
if you are unable to complete the task in time please notify me by email.
if you are unable to complete the task in time, please notify me by email.
if you are working after 11 o'clock, who will drive you home?
if you forget your passport, you need to contact the student center.
if you forget your password, you need to contact the student center.
if you forgot your student number, you should contact jenny brice.
if you forgot your student number, you should contact jenny brize.
if you have a driving license, getting a job would be easier for you.
if you have a question, ask me by email.
if you have an extra pair of shoes, may i have it please?
if you have problems, please contact your tutor.
if you knew how to get there in time, why didn't you tell him?
if you like to take notes, you can but there will be handouts.
if you need a parking ticket ,see me after the lecture
if you need a parking ticket, see me after the lecture.
if you need additional help, please visit the university resources center.
if you need additional help, visit the student resolution center.
if you need additional help, visit the student resolve center.
if you need additional help, visit the student resolve centre.
if you need any information about the university, you can check from information office located beside the corridor.
if you need any information about the university, you can check the information office located beside the corridor.
if you need help, i can give you a hand in finding a flat.
if you need help, maybe i can give a hand.
if you seek for further extension, contact your faculty for more information.
if you use anger as a tool too often, people will learn to avoid you.
if you want to quit the student union, tell the registrar.
if you want to receive the reimbursement, you must submit the original receipts.
if you want to sell your book, it must have a list of bibliography.
if you want your seminar to be postponed, make sure to get permission first.
if your parents come to visit you this semester where will they stay?
implementation figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
important details from the argument are missing in the summary.
important details in the article are missing from the summary.
imported packages are likely to be used in many computers.
in 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in america.
in 1880, cycling became a major phenomenon in the united states.
in 2011, the population of the world reached 7 billion.
in addition to the course's requirements, students must pass the qualification examinations.
in addition to the requirements, students must pass the qualifying examinations.
in ancient times the sheltered harbour attracted travellers at this location.
in any written assignment, a detailed literature review is important.
in any written assignment, a detailed literature review is very important.
in consultation with your supervisor, your thesis is approved by the faculty committee.
in english, the first letter of the months of the year is always capitalized.
in english, the first letters of the months of the year are always capitalized.
in english, the month of the year is always capitalized.
in europe, the political pressure is similar regarding globalization.
in front of us is the car park as you can see and to the left, by the entry gate is the gift shop.
in his lifetime, he composed most of the works.
in just 12 years, the global population rose from 6 to 7 billion.
in market, short time thought often lead to disaster.
in marketing short term thinking leads to many problems.
in marketing, short-term thinking leads to many problems.
in most cases, quality products don't need much advertising.
in my free time, i would like to read current affairs and newspapers.
in my free time, i would like to read newspapers.
in my opinion, the car should be repaired.
in my opinion, this car should be repaired soon.
in our campus, prospective students had access to thirteen college libraries.
in our campus, prospective students have access to thirteen college libraries.
in our city, students have access to thirteen college libraries.
in our university, students have the access to 13 college libraries.
in some countries, people live in homes made from shipping containers.
in spite the cold temperature, the sky is clear and blue.
in statistics, a detailed lecture of view is very important.
in that moment, few people moved from the town to the village.
in the 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in america.
in the dark, before the dawn, the plane was assembled.
in the end, it's what people like to eat that's important.
in the last few weeks, we've been looking at various aspects of the social history of london.
in the last few weeks, we’ve been looking at various aspects of the social history of london.
in the middle ages, a disease caused world population to fall.
in the past, people ate very different food.
in the past, students were required to complete too long written assignments.
in the past, students were required to complete two long written assignments.
in the research, data must be collected by analysis.
in the top left corner is the grinding shop, where the tools were sharpened and finished.
in the winter it gets harsh, but it won’t be an issue since there is a heater.
in this book, the author discussed the role of cultural differences.
in this language course, we focus on fluency and accuracy.
in this library, reserve collection books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
in this library, reserved collection books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
in this library, the reserve collection of books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
increasing population results in an increasing demand for energy.
increasing population results in increased demand in energy.
industrial experts will discuss job opportunities in an automatic labor force.
industries now bring more job opportunities than agriculture and fishing combined.
industry experts will discuss job opportunities in an automatic labor field.
industry experts will discuss the job opportunity in an automated workforce.
industry experts will discuss the opportunities in an automated workforce.
industry experts will discuss the opportunities in an optimal workforce.
industry will discuss job opportunities for work.
inflation affects the demand, pricing and consumption of most products.
information is being given to readers in a format that looks familiar.
information may soon disappear forever as few people read classical languages.
information technology has changed the way people study today.
information technology has changed the way people work today.
information technology has changed the way we study
interim grades will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
interim grades will be posted outside the student lounge.
interim results will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
international aid programs have been reduced by the new government.
international exchanges formed the important part of our study program.
international exchanges formulate the study of our program.
international students can get help with locating housing near the university.
international students come from all around the world.
internet provides unusual opportunities for students and current events.
interpreters are not readily available in this department.
is hypothesis on black hole as rendered moot as explanation of explanations?
is hypothesis on black hole rendered moot as the explanation of astrophysics?
it gradually spread to many places throughout europe by the 1600s.
it helps you rationally assess your arguments.
it helps you to rationally assess your arguments.
it is absolutely vital that you acknowledge all your sources.
it is absolutely vital to allocate your resources.
it is acknowledged that his work is groundbreaking.
it is an integrated course with several different elements.
it is an integrated course with several main elements.
it is an integrated course with three different elements.
it is argued that students can learn more in collaborative rather than individual study.
it is argued that students can learn more in collaborative rather than individual task.
it is being made to reduce harmful emissions.
it is clear that human population impacts on the environment.
it is clear that little accurate documentation is in support of this claim.
it is clear that the human population impacts the environment
it is clear that the human population impacts the environment.
it is clear that there is little accurate documentation in support of this claim.
it is easy to provide the definition of the world.
it is good for the environment also good for your bill.
it is good for the environment also good for your electricity bill.
it is good for the environment, and also good for your electricity bill.
it is hard to anticipate all the characters that were in react.
it is hard to anticipate all the characters that were in the act.
it is hard to anticipate all their actions.
it is hard to observe the reaction of the character.
it is important for students to keep up with the deadline.
it is important that you work as a team on this project.
it is important to allocate your time wisely when revising.
it is important to make clear notes when you are reading.
it is important to make clear notes while you are reading.
it is important to take gender into account when discussing the figures.
it is important to validate all assumptions before arriving at a conclusion.
it is interesting to observe the development of language skills of toddlers.
it is interesting to observe the development of the language skills of toddlers.
it is necessary to dress formally for the graduation ceremony.
it is necessary to solve the equation to determine the unknown variable.
it is normal to wake up several times each night.
it is obligatory for companies to provide details of their industrial processes.
it is of interest to most students to take experiential learning course.
it is one of the oldest original parts of our university.
it is possible to keep the energy of an atom in two ways
it is possible to keep the energy of an atom in two ways.
it is quite clear that the rising prosperity does not make people feel more content.
it is really a comprehensive program comprising both theory and practice.
it is really a comprehensive program covering both theory and practice.
it is really a comprehensive program that covers both theory and practice.
it is strictly required to submit the assignment by friday.
it is successfully acknowledged that there is a student graduation ceremony.
it is the members contribution.
it is utmost important that you don't rely on translation online.
it is utmostly important that you don't rely on translation online.
it is very likely that space travel will become popular in the private sector.
it is within the framework that we’re making our survey.
it isn't certain whether or not other animals dream.
it isn't easy when it comes to the definition of this word.
it isn’t easy when comes to the definition of this word.
it may not mean that it is possible to solve the problem easily.
it provides an opportunity to work with other disciplines.
it seems that language appeared from nowhere.
it seems that language appears from nowhere.
it takes a long time to walk to the university.
it takes a long time to walk to university.
it takes just over eight minutes for sunlight to reach our planet.
it was a groundbreaking discovery, but they had to pay a very high price for it.
it was acknowledged that his work was ground breaking.
it was four more years before the theory was fully developed.
it was hard to anticipate all the different characters that were in react.
it was hard to anticipate how all the different characters would react.
it was impossible for me to make an arrangement of pick-up on given dates.
it will be extremely beneficial to work together.
it would be extraordinarily beneficial to work together.
it would be extremely beneficial to work together.
it's a difficult one.if you start prohibiting some research, where do you draw the line?
it's confidence and it's optimism that i now have.
it's difficult for us to control our feelings of disgust.
it's important for people to connect to each other.
it's important that humans dispose of their waste in appropriate ways.
it's important that people with responsible jobs get plenty of sleep.
it's important to keep this medicine in the fridge.
it's important to make clear notes while you are reading.
it's just a feeling having tried something new and succeed.
it's just a feeling having tried something new and succeeded.
it's just a feeling of having tried something new and succeeded.
it's my opinion that technological advances will begin to slow.
it's time to finalize the work before the wednesday seminar.
it's time to finalize the work before wednesday’s seminar.
it's unusual that the university should offer only one anthropology course.
it’s confidence and it's an optimism that i now have.
it’s the words of common occurrence that have different referential value.
it’s the words of common occurrence that have different referential values.
it’s time to finalize the work before the wednesday seminar.
it’s within that framework that we’re making our survey.
it’s within the framework that we’re making our survey.
i’ll start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
i’m afraid professor jones didn’t suffer fools gladly.
i’m glad you got here safely.
i’m quite aware of my own inadequacies.
i’m sorry for being late for today’s lecture.
i’ve always been interested in biology and physics.
i’ve got a tutorial in an hour and i haven’t had any time to prepare for it.
john went rushing off down the corridor.
jonathan is seldom on time for anything.
journalism faces the crises in the light of the digital revolution.
journalism faces the crisis in the light of the digital revolution.
journalism has undergone many changes in recent years.
journalism is the collection and publication or transmission of news.
junk food's popularity relies on marketing
junk food’s popularity relies on marketing.
just wait a minute, i will be with you shortly.
just wait a minute. i will be with you shortly.
key business partners are often entertained in expense accounts.
key business partners are often intertwined in expense accounts.
knife and fork should be placed next to the spoon on the edge of the table.
knives and forks should be placed next to the spoon on the edge of the table.
label the beakers and put them away.
lack of sleep can lead to changes in behavior.
ladies have the popular forms of entertainments throughout the world.
larger numbers of city residents means greater car ownership.
late applications are not accepted under any circumstances.
law is beneficial to investors by protecting their rights and avoiding any improper actions in the market.
laws protect consumer rights and help to avoid market problems.
leading company changed their policies after their reports were released.
leading scientists speculate that numerous planets could support life forms.
leave the building immediately if the fire alarm goes off.
lecture outlines are available on the faculty board and internal website.
lecture outlines are available on the faculty board and the internal website.
lecture theater is located on the ground floor of the building.
lecture theater is located on the ground floor of the pack building
lectures are the oldest and the most formal teaching method at universities.
lectures' outlines are available on the college internal website.
let me give you an example to explain what i mean.
let me know if anybody struggles in the lab.
let me know if anyone struggles in the lab.
let's all meet at four, not three as we agreed before.
let's look at the economic costs first.
libraries in many areas were closed due to lack of funding.
libraries in many areas were closed due to the lack of funding.
libraries provide a lot of useful services for students.
libraries provide a range of services for students.
libraries provide lots of services for students.
library plays an important role in students' lives.
library plays an important role in student’s life.
library reference desks hold a lot of materials on academic history.
life expectancy and infant mortality rate are two of the best indicators of overall health.
linguist is the scientist and knowledge of the language.
linguistics is an analysis of language.
linguistics is the scientific study and analysis of language.
listening is key to succeed in this course.
listening is the key skill to succeed in this course.
literature can be classified in various ways.
loans are only available for international students.
lots of people turned out to be at the presidential address.
lots of students had money and passport stolen especially at night.
lots of students had money and passports stolen especially at night.
lung cancer remains a largely incurable disease.
make sure the financial director knows the full details of the pay agreement.
make sure you choose a course that provides great career opportunities.
make sure you correctly cite all your sources.
make sure you have saved all the files before turning off the computer.
make sure you wash your hands before preparing food.
make sure you wash your hands before preparing the food.
making a mistake is fine as long as you've learnt from it.
making mistakes is fine as long as you learn from them.
making mistakes is fine, as long as you learn from it.
making sure you have saved all the files before turning off the computer.
managing the increasing population is the challenge for most governments.
manufacturing now brings more people in than agriculture and fishing combined.
many birds migrate to warmer areas for the winter.
many birds migrated to the warmer areas for winter.
many cities are actively working on ways for reducing air pollution.
many cities are actively working on ways to reduce air pollution.
many companies use personality tests in interview process.
many courses in the institution are funded by private entrepreneurs.
many diseases on the list have been eradicated.
many diseases on the list have been irritated.
many experts think that the world climate is changing.
many experts think that the world climate is constantly changing.
many food crops require a large amount of water and fertilizer.
many food crops require a large quantity of water and fertilizer.
many graduates of journalism can get jobs in the communications field.
many graduates studying journalism get jobs in communications field.
many health workers think that pensioners are too old to understand.
many important policies need to be made.
many medical volunteers no longer have access to medical literature.
many of his research objectives are driven by his natural curiosity and instincts.
many of my friends say they want to leave home to study overseas but i wouldn't.
many of the most popular courses are available online.
many of the universities' original buildings are still in use.
many of the university’s original buildings are still in use
many of the urban poor lived in an extremely cramped condition.
many of the urban poor lived in extremely cramped conditions.
many people approached and were eager to help, but he didn’t want their help.
many privately owned firms have been eaten up by larger corporations.
many species have yet to be described by biologists.
many students are so scared of writing essays, because they never learned how.
many students find true or false questions are harder than short answer questions.
many students find true- false questions harder than short answer questions.
many toxins are originated from plants and animals.
many toxins originate from plants or animals.
many undergraduate students go back home to stay with their parents after graduation.
many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education online learning resources.
many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education's online learning resources.
many universities provide exchange programs to other countries.
many universities' lectures can now be reviewed in internet.
many universities' lectures can now be reviewed on the internet.
many university lectures can now be viewed on the internet.
many vocational courses in the institution are funded by private enterprises.
marine environment has been destroyed by pollution and unsustainable development.
market research surveys might be given by telephone, the internet or in person.
marketing involves many activities, including doing research, developing products and promoting them.
mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election.
mary has nobody to talk with, but she doesn’t feel lonely.
materials and resources are on hold at the library's front desk.
mature students usually adapt to university life extremely well.
may the love of those around you help you through the days ahead?
maybe it is time for me to make some changes.
measures must be taken to prevent unemployment rate from increasing.
measuring personal experience of happiness is easier than you would think.
mechanical engineering first became prominent during the industrial revolution.
mechanical engineering has become predominant since the industrial revolution.
mechanical engineering has become prominent since the industrial revolution.
mechanical evolution became a predominant phenomenon during the industrial revolution.
media can influence humans' opinions.
medical researchers have focused on the cause of diseases and treatments.
medical researchers have focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
medical researchers have focused on the different treatments and diseases.
meeting with mentors can be scheduled for students who require additional support.
meeting with tutors could be arranged for students who need additional help.
members can contribute to the association of operating firm.
members should make concentrated contributions to associated operating funds.
members should make concentrated contributions to operating funds.
members should make mandatory contributions to associated operating funds.
meteorology is a detailed study of earth’s atmosphere.
meteorology is a subject of earth's atmosphere.
meteorology is a subject of earth’s atmosphere.
mobile devices are not allowed during the examination.
modern computer memory is extended every year.
modern poetry often tests the conventions of language and rhythm.
modern poetry often tests the conventions of language and the rhythm.
modern thanksgiving was first officially established in all states in 1863
momentum is defined as a combination of mass and velocity.
momentum is defined as the combination of mass and velocity.
money and how it is paid can affect the motivations to work.
money and how it is paid can be the motivation for the work.
more females than males graduated from universities last year.
more graduate training is often needed after the university study is finished.
more muscles are used in swimming than other sports.
more research is needed before any definitive conclusion can be drawn.
more research is needed before any definitive conclusion is drawn.
more research is required in the field of food science
more time will be needed to process the topic of the project.
most adults need around eight hours of sleep every night.
most animals have triangular vocal cords, but the lion's mighty pipes are square.
most critics agreed with the new theory, but a few disagreed.
most food constructions require large amount of water or fertilizer.
most known oil reserves last for only half a century.
most of american volcanoes are hidden under the seas.
most of the assignments should be submitted on the same day.
most of the features were part of the previous system.
most of the lectures begin promptly, so do not be late.
most of the scientists disagreed to discuss the size and the levels of society.
most of the strategies are in a preclinical state.
most of the students have not considered these issues before.
most of the students have not considered this issue before.
most of the students haven't considered the issues before.
most of the theories were similar but a few critics disagreed.
most of the theories were similar, but a few critics disagreed.
most of these criticisms can be shown to be false.
most of these features were part of the previous system.
most people dislike advertisements but appear to be influenced by them anyway.
most people feel lonely at some point in their lives.
most printers in the computer lab are out of ink.
most printers in the library are out of ink.
most scientists believe that climate change threatens lives on the earth.
most students are not eligible to claim housing benefits.
most students had not considered this issue before.
most students have not considered this issue before.
most students in last year's course did well in this module.
most students in last year’s course did well in this module.
most teaching staff make their lecture notes available online.
most theories are quite similar, but a few critics disagree.
most theories were quite similar but a few critics disagreed.
most university teaching take place in lectures and seminars.
most university teaching takes place in lectures and seminars.
most university's teaching takes place in lectures and seminars.
moving up the class ladder also brings unexpected costs.
much of his research objectives are driven by his natural curiosity and instincts.
much of the evidence been used has only recently become available.
much of the evidence used has only recently become available.
much of the research is carried out in the laboratory.
muscle cells bring parts of the body closer together.
muscles make parts of the body close together.
museum is closed on thursday morning every month.
mutually exclusive events can be described as either complementary or opposite.
my biggest concern for the future is climate change.
my favorite place in my hometown is the main park located downtown.
my laptop has crashed and cannot save any file.
my parents didn't have a good education so they were determined that i would.
my satisfaction was complete when she looked at me.
my siblings and i were waiting for my mother to come back from the hospital.
my tutorial class will begin at the next monday’s morning session.
my tutorial class will begin on next monday morning.
my tutorial class will begin on the next monday's morning.
nasa has been at the forefront of deep space exploration.
native discourse continues to be predominant in discussion of gender.
native discourse continues to be predominate in discussion of gender.
native speakers are exempt from language tests in their own language.
native speakers are exempt from the language tests in their own languages.
natures are defined as specific chemical compounds.
nearly half of the television outputs are given away for educational programs.
negative discourse continues to be predominant in discussions about gender.
neurons are principally involved in chemical processes.
neuroscience is a compound of completely separate parts.
new credit cards will be soon using fingerprint technology.
new credit cards will soon use fingerprint technology.
new credit cards will soon use the finger press technology.
new credit cards will soon using fingerprint technology.
new development in technology contributes to current research.
new developments in manufacturing are constantly changing the way we live.
new developments in technology are influencing current research.
new materials and techniques are changing the style of architecture.
new materials and techniques are changing the way of architecture.
new media has a significant impact on human communications.
new media has an impact on human communications.
new media is to find new areas to study
new media is to find new areas to study in.
new media journalism is an exciting area for study.
new media journalism is an exciting field of study.
new media journalism is an interesting area for study.
new shores were formed and totally different creatures would have washed up onto the shores.
new technology has a role to play in innovation.
new timetables will be posted on the student noticeboard.
new york city is famous for its ethnic diversity.
newspapers across the country have been reporting stories of the president.
newspapers across the world are reporting stories of presidents.
newspapers across the world reported stories of presidents.
newspapers are supported primarily by the sale of advertising space.
newspapers are supported primarily by the sales of advertising space.
next time, we will discuss the influence of the media on public policy.
next time, we'll discuss the influence of the media on public policy.
next week's assignment will be similar to last week's.
next year i'm planning to take a sabbatical so that i can travel to south america.
nine out of ten british people live in towns and cities.
no crop responds more readily than careful husbandry and skillful cultivation.
no crop responds more readily to care for husbandry and skilful cultivation.
no more than four people can be in the lab at once.
not everyone wants to keep in touch with their old school friends when they leave school, but i would like to.
note-taking methods work great both on paper and digitally.
notes lecture will begin punctually, so please do not be late.
novelists have a major role to play in inflecting their time to their readers.
novelists have a major role to play in reflecting their time to their readers.
novelists write the best things that they know about.
novelists write things about things they know about.
nowadays, boys and girls still often conform to gender stereotypes.
nowadays, persuasion is an important area of research within social psychology.
number the beakers and put them away before tomorrow.
number the beakers and put them away until tomorrow.
number the beakers and put them away.
number the bricks and put them away before tomorrow.
nurses specialize in clinical work and management.
nutrition plays a key role in athletic performance.
observers waited nervously and bated their breath for the concert.
observers waited nervously and held their breath for the concert.
observers waited nervously and with bated breath for the concert.
observers waited nervously with bated breath for the concert.
of all the heating and cooling options, central heating is the best.
of course, you can also choose to have your grades emailed to you.
often, the point of that advertisements is to raise awareness rather than give information.
oil only reserve half-century.
on behalf of our department, i would like to thank you for your participation.
on this project, you will be asked to work as a group of three.
once more under the pressure of economic necessity, practice outstripped theory.
one function of body fat is to keep (all) internal organs warm.
one function of body fat is to keep the internal organs warm.
one function of the body fat is to keep all internal organs warm.
one of the election promises is to decrease the income tax.
one of the elections promises to reduce tax.
one of the functions of the internal organ is to keep the body warm.
one of the hardest things about starting university is finding your way around.
one of the key conclusions is that the development needs were met
one of the key conclusions is that the development needs were met.
one of the promises is to decrease the contest.
one of the salient features of academic writing is the tendency to use formal words.
one of the salients of academic writing is the tendency to use formal words.
one solution is a system of electric cars to hire on-demand.
one theory says that dreams help the long-term memory.
one thirtieth of wildlife have been ignored by developers.
online courses allow students to work in their own pace.
online courses allow students to work on their own paces.
only those who are over eighteen years of age are eligible to open a bank account in our bank.
opposition to the government tax policies are wide spread across business sectors.
opposition to the government tax policies is widespread across business sectors.
organic food is considered to be free of chemicals.
organic food is growing without applying chemicals and no artificial additives.
organic food is grown without applying chemicals and the possesses no artificial additives.
organic food is grown without applying chemicals and the process is without artificial additives.
organization plays an important role in academic literature.
organizational failure is considered in various perspectives in academic literature.
our aim is to transform classical teaching in the classroom.
our aim is to transform the classical teaching in the classroom.
our aim is to transmit the mathematics teaching in the classroom.
our capacity to respond to national needs will determine our ability to flourish.
our class is divided into two groups. you come with me, the others stay here.
our class is divided into two groups; you come with me and the other stay here.
our class will be divided into three groups.
our class will be divided into two groups, you come with me, others stay here.
our company currently employs more than ten thousand people worldwide.
our company is intended to hire more than ten thousand people worldwide.
our company must have independent financial auditing.
our courses help improve critical thinking and independent learning skills.
our courses help to improve critical thinking and independent learning skills.
our cultural values are dependent on the choices we made.
our cultural values depend on the choice we make.
our exam results are consistently high in all subjects.
our facilities include five items in the university.
our food supply now contains so much added sugar that our metabolic systems can't handle it.
our food supply now contains too much sugar that our metabolic system cannot handle it.
our friends give us emotional support, although not always.
our fundamental realities, especially national needs, have seen the ability to flourish.
our future well-being depends on action we take now.
our group is going to meet tomorrow in the library conference room.
our laboratory equipment is provided free of charge.
our lecture on robotic engineering takes place on tuesday.
our lecture today will discuss the american war of independence.
our log books make up a five percent of total marks.
our log books make up five per cent of total marks.
our new medical students must attend the talk about optional courses.
our professor is hosting the business development conference next week.
our professor is hosting the business development conference.
our professor is hosting the economic development conference next week.
our professors are hosting a business conference.
our school of arts and technology accepts applications at all points throughout the year.
our study program equips students with central skills for university.
our tutorial will take place on the second floor in room one.
our university accommodation has a volleyball team for students to join in.
our university has strong partnerships with industry as well as collaborative relationships with government bodies.
our university theatre group will be performing in the concert hall.
our workshop is opening for all the students on the campus.
our workshops are open for all students on campus.
our workshops are opening for all students on campus.
our young people need education and more organized activities.
overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the daily life of the majority of the population.
overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the lives of the majority of the population.
overcrowding, poor sanitary affected the daily lives of the majority of the population.
packages are likely to be used in many computers.
packaging is very important to attract intentioned buyers.
packaging is very important to attract the attention of a buyer.
pain is necessary, as it acts as a warning of danger.
parental expectations are a major cause of stress among students.
parenting is difficult for parents who have shift work.
parents are financially responsible for their children until they reach adulthood.
parents should provide guidance and examples to children's values.
parents today are involved in the education of their children.
parents today are more responsible for their children's education.
parents try to influence their children by using toys and other incentives.
participants are initially collected from a range of foundation subjects.
participants initially select from a range of foundation subjects.
participants were not performing an actual purchase.
participating in the class is the center of the course.
participation rate in the study of language learning exceeded the expectations.
participation rate on studying language learning exceeded expectations.
peer group pressure has a great effect on young people.
peer group pressure has a significant effect on young people.
peer pressure has a great effect on young people.
peer review is a central part of scientific method.
peer review is an essential part of scientific methods.
people get product information from advertisements, friends, family and product reviews.
people have been dependent on using phones in their everyday life.
people have been independent by using phones in everyday life.
people have been independent on using phones in their everyday life.
people often conform during their leisure time as well as in their work hours.
people provide the reports to support your idea of these arguments.
people see ads on the internet, on tv and in magazines.
people see stars that were billions of years ago.
people tend to be least happy in middle age.
people who carry on eating junk food may suffer negative health consequences.
people will never learn that the life exists on the other planets.
people with active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have a major illness.
people with active lifestyles are less likely to die early or have major illnesses.
people with an active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have a major illness.
pets offer emotional support to sick and elderly people.
philosophers used logic and reasons to analyze the human behaviors or experiences
philosophy uses a lot of logic and reasoning to analyze human experiences.
philosophy uses a lot of logics and reasons to analyze human experience.
philosophy uses the logic and reasons to analyze human and experience.
physical health can be improved by regular training.
physicist students have student module this year.
physics is a detailed study of matter and energy.
physics is a detailed subject of matter and energy.
physics is a key subject to understand the world and the universe.
physics is the key subject to understand the world and universe.
physics is the subject of matters and energy.
physics students will do an additional module if their marks are low.
physics students will do an additional module this year.
physiology is the study of internal and external structure of the body.
plagiarism in a test is very severe.
plants are able to continue growing throughout their lives.
plants are living things that grow on land or in water..
plants are the living things that can grow in land or in water.
plants are the living things that can grow on land or in water.
please be careful when using internet sources.
please be careful when using online translation programs.
please carefully study the framework and complete the survey.
please click the logo above to enter the site.
please close the door behind you when you leave the room.
please come to the next seminar properly prepared.
please confirm that you have received the textbook.
please do not bring food into the classroom.
please ensure you do not go above word limitation.
please explain what the author means by sustainability.
please finish all the reading chapters before the field trip.
please follow the guidelines for more information on setting the goals.
please go straight and turn left to reach the library.
please hand in assignments at the main office.
please have copies of your seminar papers in the library a week in advance.
please leave any questions related to the topic until the end.
please make sure all works follow the department deadlines.
please make sure all works follow the department guidelines.
please make sure you correctly cite all necessary materials.
please make sure you correctly cite all the necessary materials.
please make sure you correctly cited all the necessary materials.
please make sure you do not go over the word count.
please make sure you have collected all the necessary materials.
please make sure your application follows the guidelines provided.
please make sure your applications are following the guideline provided.
please move us to the meeting room for the next hour.
please note that the college laboratories will be closed for cleaning next week.
please note that the college laboratory will be closed for cleaning next week.
please note that the substantial deadlines are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances.
please note the college laboratories will be closed for cleaning next week.
please note, submission deadlines are only negotiable in an exceptional circumstance.
please note, submission deadlines are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances.
please pass the handouts along to the rest of the people in your row.
please prepare a powerpoint presentation for tomorrow's meeting.
please prepare a powerpoint presentation for tomorrow’s meeting.
please provide the reports to support your idea of these arguments.
please read the chapter one of the history textbook.
please read the first five chapters before the next week’s tutorial
please read the first five chapters to prepare for next week's tutorial.
please register your student email account at your earliest convenience.
please remember to bring a highlighter and your textbook to class next thursday.
please remember to bring a highlighter to class next wednesday.
please return the books to the correct positions on the shelves
please return the books to the correct positions on the shelves.
please return the reference book to the correct position on the shelf.
please return the reference book to the correct position on the table.
please sign your name here if you want to join the social club.
please sort and order the slides of the presentation according to topic and speech time.
please switch off all electronic devices when you are attending a conference session.
please turn off the light to save energy.
please turn off the lights to save energy.
please visit the website for information about the opening times.
please visit the website for more information about the opening times.
please work with each other to build monolithic statues.
please write down the name of the author and the year of publication.
please write the name of author and the year of publication.
please write your name on essay cover sheet.
please write your name on the essay cover sheet.
politicians and marketing professionals have a good understanding of persuasion.
politicians can make better decisions if they listen to the public opinion.
politicians need to be more practical when they are addressing the issues.
politicians need to be more proactive when addressing a given issue.
politicians need to be more proactive when they are addressing the issues.
politicians need to be proactive when they are addressing these issues.
politics is not usually a safe topic of conversation.
politics is usually not a safe topic for conversation.
popular culture is not a serious subject of academic inquiry.
popular culture is now a serious subject of academic inquiry.
population geography includes the study of demography.
portfolio is due to the internal review office no later than tuesday.
potential customers can see what employees say online.
practical experiments are an essential part of the chemistry course.
practical experiments are essential parts of chemical classes.
practicing time-restricted eating a few times a week can be both feasible and healthy.
practicing time-restricted eating a few times a week could be both feasible and healthy.
preparation is important to avoid mishaps in the lab.
presidential elections are held every four years.
presidential elections are held once every four years.
professor clayton donated some of her books to the college library.
professor gordon just called me a few minutes ago.
professor smith will be late for today's lecture.
professors with higher educational standard trained them extremely seriously.
proficiency in a foreign language may be demonstrated by assessment.
protective clothing must always be worn in the laboratory.
protective goggles must be worn in all the university's laboratories.
proteins constitute at least thirty percent of the total mass of all living organism.
proteins constitute at least thirty percent of the total mass of all living organisms.
providers of higher education treat plagiarism extremely seriously.
psychologists say what we have experienced influences our behaviors
psychologists say what we have experienced influences our behaviors.
psychologists use a range of techniques to study the human mind and behavior.
psychology is the study of the mental processes and behavior.
psychology relies on scientific methods to investigate questions and arrive at conclusions.
public perception about biotechnology is crucial for developing scientific consensus.
public speaking is one of the qualities they were seeking among the candidates.
public transport is the best way to travel to university.
purity is one feature that makes gold expensive.
put the knife and fork next to the spoon near the edge of the table.
quality of life is an important measure on which the cities are ranked.
quantitative and temporal parameters of food consumption were used.
radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world
radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world.
rail transport is becoming more and more popular.
rather unfortunately, ads sometimes give misleading information rather than informing.
read safety instructions before using the equipment during the workshop.
read the fitness center instructions before attempting to use the equipment.
read the four sections before the next meeting.
read the safety instructions before using any equipment in the workshop.
read the student safety instructions before using any equipment in the workshops.
reading histories involves a level of careful selections.
reading list will be available before the course begins
reading lists will be available before the course begins.
reading widely is an important part of the undergraduate study.
recession triggers creativity and high rates of entrepreneurship due to past experience.
recreation triggers creativity, according to populace's wisdom.
recycling systems can be complex, but they are becoming simpler.
reference materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
reference of material is held in the hall of the library reference desk.
relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
relevant materials are reserved in the library.
relevant resources are reserved in the library.
relying on natural abilities will not let you go further in science.
relying on natural ability will not get you far on science.
remember students have strict ability criteria.
remember to sign the attendance prior to the class.
remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the lecture hall.
remember, a prestigious selection has strict eligibility criteria.
remember, the gifts purchased by children should have a striped character.
remember, the prestigious election of student membership has strict eligibility criteria.
remember, the prestigious section has strict eligibility criteria.
remember, the prestigious selection has strict eligibility criteria.
renovation work is currently being undertaken throughout the whole building.
renovation works have been undertaken throughout the building.
repeat sentence
research has found that there is no correlation between diet and intelligence.
research shows the exercising makes us feel better.
researches show that spending time outdoors has a range of benefits.
reserve collection books can be borrowed up to three hours.
reserved collection of books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
reserved collection of books can be borrowed up to three hours.
residence hall is closed prior to the academic building closing time in the semester.
resources and materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
resources and materials are on hold at the library's reference desk.
resources and materials are on hold on the library reference desk.
restaurants are down to the hall and next to the right.
restrooms are down the entrance and to the right.
review all materials before drawing your conclusion.
review all resources before drawing your conclusions.
review all sources before drawing any conclusions.
review all your sources before drawing any conclusions.
rising in sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
rising in temperature is changing the wildlife population.
rising inflation may indicate the increasing demands for consumer products.
rising inflation means increasing goods prices and decreasing demand for products.
rising inflation rate indicates the increasing demands on consumer products.
rising sales figures means a rise in demand.
rising sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
rivers provide habitat and migration pathways for numerous aquatic species.
rivers provide habitats and migration pathways for numerous aquatic species.
rivers provide habitats and migration pathways to fish and numerous aquatic species.
rivers provide habitats and water pathways for numerous species.
rivers provide habitats for fish and other aquatic species.
robert frost thinks the rural area is livable for people in new england.
robert would live in rural areas in london.
robots are able to communicate with humans around them.
rules about break and lunch time vary from one country to another.
rules for breaks and lunch time vary from one country to another.
safety glasses should be worn while doing experiments in the lab.
sales figures for last year were better than expected.
sales figures last year are better than expected.
salt is extracted from sea water.
salt is produced from the seawater or extracted from the ground.
scholarship applications must be handed in at the end of the month.
scholarships are available for both local and international students.
science degree are now offering different levels of specialization.
science degrees are now offering different levels of specialization.
science is found in society all around the world.
science library is currently located on the ground of the library.
scientific beneficiary to space exploration is frequently questioned.
scientific developments often cause lots of problems so sometimes they're not worth it.
scientific experiments are repeated in order to find results.
scientific experiments should be repeated in verifying the results.
scientists are always asking the government for money.
scientists are always asking the government for more money.
scientists are always asking the governments for more money
scientists are getting closer to the answers of these questions.
scientists are getting closer to the answers of this question.
scientists are unsure when the first man left africa.
scientists can develop new elements in the laboratory.
scientists can develop new elements in their laboratory.
scientists here are studying a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
scientists learned through the observations and the analysis of the human behavior.
scientists learned through the observations and the analysis of the human behaviour
scientists recognize differences among water molecule content.
scientists recognized the different ice types according to the water molecule content.
scientists show when the early men left africa.
scientists still aren't sure why we need to sleep.
scientists were unsure when the early man first left africa.
scientists were unsure when the early man left africa.
scientists were unsure when the early men left africa.
sea levels are expected to rise during next century.
sea levels are expected to rise during the next century.
select question type:
several candidates were graded as the greatest scientists of all times.
several candidates will be qualified as the greatest scientists in all time.
several copies must be supplied to the university department to fulfil the requirement.
several organizations work to prevent animal cruelty.
she ate a sandwich and drank juice.
she began by giving an outline of previous lecture.
she began by giving an outline of previous lectures.
she began by giving an outline of the previous lecture.
she doesn't care about anything but what is honest and true.
she doesn't even care about anything but what is honest and true.
she doesn't pay much attention to how she dresses.
she feared becoming an object of ridicule.
she glanced nervously around the brush and back at him.
she had a great exhibition last year.
she has been in the library for a long time.
she has made a significant contribution to the field of chemistry.
she is an expert of the 18th century french literature.
she is an expert of the eighteenth century french literature.
she is going to do master degree by mathematics.
she received a scholarship from the state library.
she received a scholarship from the state university.
she received the scholarship from the state library.
she sold all her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
she sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
she told the faculty to be very supportive.
she used to be an editor of the student newspaper.
she used to be an editor of the students' newspaper.
she used to be everywhere, but today she is missing.
she was always here, but today she is missed.
since the problems we face are global, we need to find the global solutions.
since the problems we face are global, we need to find the relative solutions
since the problems we face are global, we need to find the relative solutions.
sleep science is a very active area of research.
slides and handouts can be downloaded after the lecture.
smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution.
so what do the lungfish do in order to survive?
social media is criticized for causing internet addiction.
social media is criticized of causing internet addiction.
social policies describe the ways in which society meets human's needs.
social policies describe the ways in which the society meets human's needs.
social policy describes the ways in which the society meets human's needs.
social psychology has been considered by human behavior.
social robots can show different facial expressions and emotions.
social science is the study of solving social problems.
sociology policies are the sources of government to solve social problems.
sociology policies are the sources of the government to solve social problems.
some departments have their own special book collections.
some details underlying the issue must be addressed first.
some economists argue that the entire financial system is falling.
some economists argue that the entire financial system is fatally flawed.
some methods for clinical applications have been presented as well.
some of the features are part of previous research.
some of the vocational courses are provided by many private enterprises.
some of the worst accidents in history have been linked to sleep deprivation.
some of these features were part of the previous system.
some people are motivated by competition, while others prefer collaboration.
some people are motivated by competition, while others prefer to collaborate.
some people argue that education is not that important.
some people believe that education should be free for all.
some people regarded it as care, while others regarded it as recklessness.
some people regarded this as eye wash whereas some people ask for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
some people regarded this as eyewash whereas some people asked for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
some people suggest a levy on junk food to discourage its consumption.
some people think that having a child is not a major responsibility but obviously it is.
some species of birds can sleep while they are flying.
some students find true or false questions are harder than short answer questions.
some students find true-or-false questions harder than short answer questions.
some teenagers in my school are not very well-behaved but fortunately all my friends are.
some vocational courses at institution are funded by private enterprises.
some vocational courses in institutions are funded by private enterprises.
some young people find city life rather stressful.
some young people seem to be addicted to their cell phones.
something will be left by the conductor.
sometimes ads promote a brand rather than a particular product.
sound waves are unable to travel through the vacuum.
speak to your tutor if you need further assistance.
speed is defined as how fast a person or an object moves.
speed is defined as how quickly a person or an object moves.
speed is defined as how quickly an object or a person moves.
spending quality time together is important for most families but unfortunately, it's not always possible to do so.
spiritualism is defined as a system of belief or religious practice.
sport is the cause of traumatic brain injuries in the united states.
sports teams practice on weekdays and play games on weekends.
statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on the circumstances.
statistically speaking, the likelihood of the result is extremely low.
staying near the place of work saves precious hours every day.
storytelling is a common teaching technique in many countries.
strangely, people are impacted by spontaneously using statistics.
street lighting allows people to walk home safely at night.
strong liner is used to measure distance and baseline.
student advisor was aware that lecture today has been canceled.
student concession cards can be obtained by completing an application form.
student concession cards need to be obtained by completing an application form.
student discount cards can be used in the coffee house on campus.
student discount cards can be used on campus in the coffee house.
student identification card will be issued by today or tomorrow.
student identification cards will be issued by today or tomorrow.
student loans are now available for international students.
student residential hall is very close to the academic building, which is in a walking distance.
student services provide help with housing and transport.
student shop has a range of stationery.
students and staff will automatically become a member in their library.
students are advised that all the lectures today have been canceled.
students are advised to use multiple methods for this project.
students are afraid of writing an essay, because they have learned nothing about it.
students are competing for every place in the computer courses.
students are encouraged to monitor studies by themselves.
students are encouraged to monitor their own attendance.
students are encouraged to read the new books recommended by professor jones.
students are encouraged to think carefully about their accommodation needs.
students are held accountable for adhering to establish community standards.
students are held accountable for adhering to established community standards.
students are held accountable for adhering to the established community standards.
students are instructed to hand in their assignments by the end of this week.
students are not allowed to take journals out of the library.
students are not allowed to take the journal out of the library.
students are permitted to park at campus parking spaces.
students are recommended to read new books by professor johns.
students are recommended to read new books by professor jones
students are required to complete the research paper by monday.
students are required to have an undergraduate degree in biology to be enrolled in this course.
students are required to use research methods for this project.
students are so scared of writing essays because they have never learned how.
students can avoid viruses by eating lots of fruits and vegetables.
students can download the lecture handouts from the course website.
students can download the materials from the website.
students can get access to computers on a daily basis.
students can put their lectures on the website.
students can share their foods at noon.
students develop confidence in their ability to think critically.
students do better when they interact with others with completely different perspectives on things.
students find true or false questions harder than short answers.
students have freedom to choose the subjects they are interested in.
students have the option to live in college residences or apartments.
students have the options to live in college residences or apartments.
students may only park their cars in authorized university parking spaces.
students may only use parking cards in authorized university parking spaces.
students must attend the safety course before entering the engineering workshop.
students must hand in their assignments by friday.
students must observe lab safety regulations at all time.
students must observe lab safety regulations at all times.
students must pass all the qualifying examinations.
students need to finish their assignments during next four weeks.
students need to finish their assignments during the next four weeks.
students require undergraduate biology degree to enroll in this course.
students requiring for an extension should apply sooner rather than later.
students should book a library tour on the first week of the first semester.
students should have an awareness of how the business develops globally.
students should have awareness of how the business develops globally.
students should leave their bags on the table by the door.
students should take advantage of the online resources before attending the lecture.
students should take advantages of the internet before attending the lecture.
students should take the advantage of the online resources before attending the lecture.
students should take the training course to use the gym.
students were instructed to stand in a straight line outside of the classroom.
students were instructed to submit their assignments by friday.
students who are successful have a good strategy for learning.
students who are successful have a good strategy of learning.
students who are successful have good strategies for learning.
students who attempt to go to the conference must register now.
students who attempted to go to the conference must register now.
students who selected two to three courses may need an extension.
students who study overseas can significantly improve work chances.
students who want to attend the conference must register first.
students who wish to apply for an extension should approach their tutors.
students who wish to join the summer camp, should enroll by this weekend.
students will develop confidence to their ability to think critically.
students will focus on reporting news on changing media world.
students will not be given credits for assignments submitted after the due date.
students with enquiries about this term’s time tables must speak to the tutor immediately.
students with queries about this term timetables must speak to the tutor immediately.
students would develop confidence on their ability to think critically.
students' assignments should be submitted before the deadline.
students' identification cards will be issued by today or tomorrow.
students' representatives will visit classes with voting forms.
studies show there is a positive correlation between two variables.
studies suggest there may be a correlation between educational achievement and family size.
studying history can help you better understand the present.
studying medicine is always with a wide range of opportunities.
submitting your group assignment must be issued punctually by one of your group members.
successful applicants will work with a large team of researchers.
sugar is a compound including carbon hydrogen and oxygen items.
sugar is a compound including carbon, hydrogen and oxygen atoms.
sugar is a compound which consists of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
sugar is a solid carbohydrate which is always used in sweet food.
sugar is a solid carbohydrate which is always used to sweeten food.
summer schools allow some students to accelerate their studies.
supply and demand is one of the most fundamental concepts in economics.
supply and demand is one of the most fundamental factors in economics.
surprisingly, some people actually enjoy watching advertisements on television.
sydney is australia's largest city, chief port and cultural center.
sydney is australia’s largest city, chief port and cultural center.
sympathy is a feeling of sorrow for someone who is not happy.
take the first step by applying for university scholarship now.
take the first step to apply for your university scholarship.
talented people do special marketing.
teaching assistance plays a vital role in the learning process.
teaching assistants will receive a monthly remuneration for housing.
teaching assistants will receive a monthly stipend for housing.
teaching assistants will receive monthly fees for housing.
technological developments have changed the way we live.
technologies on biotechnology is of crucial importance in the project developing.
technology and industry are the drivers of global economy.
technology is changing the way media is used and studied.
technology is no longer a simple tool that we can control.
teenagers more than most age groups feel strong pressure to conform.
textile manufacturing plays a large role in improving economies.
that brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
that country's economy is primarily based on tourism.
that country’s economy is primarily based on tourism.
that means that we have so many struggles in the lab.
that means there will be many struggles in our lives.
that means they have so many struggling overlaps
that means they have so many struggling overlaps.
that means we have several structural overlaps.
that means we have so many struggles in the lab.
that means we will have some struggling overlaps.
that means we won't have any struggle in the lab.
the ability to work with fellow students cannot be stressed enough.
the academic tradition of the school ensures excellence.
the aerial photograph is promptly registered for further investigation.
the aerial photographs were promptly registered for thorough evaluation.
the aesthetic implications of the study have not yet been fully explored.
the aesthetic implications of this study have not yet been fully explored.
the agricultural sector in that country has been heavily subsidized.
the aim is to reduce the risk that people take.
the aim is to reduce the risks that people take.
the aim of the work presented could be formulated as follows.
the aim of the work, presented could be formulated as follows.
the amount of sleep that adults need doesn't change as they get older.
the amount of time spent on configuration varies considerably.
the application form is available in the office
the application form is available in the office .
the application form must be submitted before the end of term.
the application process is longer than expected.
the application process may take longer than expected.
the application process may take longer than it's expected.
the archaeologist's new discoveries stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
the archaeologists stand out in previously out looked foundations.
the archaeologist’s new discoveries stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
the architectural numbers vary in that experiment.
the area has a number of underwater habitats and species.
the area has a number of underwater habitats in species.
the area has a wide diversity of habitats for underwater species.
the article considered the leisure habits of teenagers in rural areas or places.
the article consists of a number of interesting experiments.
the article extrapolates a number of very interesting experiments.
the article first introduces various interesting experiments.
the article illustrates a very large number of very interesting experiments.
the article illustrates various interesting experiments.
the article introduces a number of interesting experiments.
the article involves a number of interesting experiments.
the article presents a number of very interesting experiments.
the article refers to number of interesting experiments.
the article reflects a number of interesting experiments.
the article reflects a number of very interesting experiments.
the article reflects various interesting experiments.
the article shows a number of interesting experiments.
the article verifies a number of interesting experiments.
the article verifies various interesting experiments.
the artist is exhibiting in the national art gallery next year.
the artist used an apartment as his studio.
the artist's early work was a good buy.
the artistic ties to conservative politicians earned their own roles of critics.
the artistic ties to the conservative politicians earned their roles of critics.
the artists and conservative politicians earn their rules of politics.
the artists and conservative publications earn their roles of critics.
the artists other than politicians earned credits of their own roles as critics.
the artists tied with politicians earned row of critiques.
the artists tied with the conservative politicians earned the roles of critics.
the artists tied with the conservative politicians earned their own roles of critics.
the artist’s ties connected politicians earned row of critiques.
the arts magazine is looking for a new assistant editor.
the assessment of this course will begin next week.
the atmosphere is very important to our lives, and we can not live without it.
the australian economy depends heavily on revenue from tourism and education.
the author expressed an idea that modern readers cannot accept.
the author expressed an idea that modern readers inevitably cannot accept.
the author is currently a professor at cambridge university.
the author is currently the professor at the cambridge university.
the author's early works are less philosophical and more experimental.
the author's previous works are more philosophical and less experimental.
the author's previous works are more theoretical and less experimental.
the author’s early works are less philosophical and more experimental.
the balance in diet and exercise makes for good health.
the balance in diet and exercise makes good health.
the bank is hoping to tap into a fast growing market
the bank is hoping to tap into a fast growing market.
the bank is hoping to tap into a fast-growing market.
the bar chart provides useful means of data comparison.
the blue whale is the largest animals to have ever lived.
the body fat keeps internal organs warm.
the book is informative but it could be accused of political bias.
the book was supported by many faculty members.
the books are filled with drawings of machines invented when he was a student.
the books in the library can be borrowed for up to 3 hours.
the books in the library can be borrowed up to three hours.
the books reserved in the library can be borrowed for up to 3 hours.
the bookshop is located at the north end of the main campus.
the bookshop is located at the north of main campus.
the bookstore is located on the main campus behind the library.
the brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
the british students need to study mathematics in secondary school.
the buildings looked lovely in the bright sunshine.
the burning of fossil fuels leads to pollution and global warming.
the bus in front of the building will take you to bus station.
the bus in front of the building will takes you to bus station.
the bus to london will be leave ten minutes later than expected.
the bus to london will leave ten minutes later than expected.
the bus will depart from outside of the building in 5 minutes.
the business class can hold with local students.
the business development seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
the business plan seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
the business policy seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
the cafe house is closed down but the snack machine will be running throughout the night.
the cafe will close soon but you can use the snack machine which is running overnight.
the cafeteria closes soon but the snack machine is accessible throughout the night.
the cafeteria features sandwiches, salads, soup, fish and chicken.
the cafeteria was sold out of coffee on friday this week.
the cafeteria will only serve cold meals on friday this week.
the cafeteria will only serve cold milk on friday this week.
the café house is closed down and the snack machine is still running (throughout the night)
the café will close soon but you can still access the snack machine which is running over night.
the camera can identify eyes and focus on them.
the campus tour will help you get familiar with the teaching facilities.
the campus tour will help you to get familiar with the teaching facilities.
the capacity of computers is expanding rapidly every year.
the capacity of programming computers is expanding enormously every year.
the car he was riding crashed into a train.
the career service provides suggestions on how to pass the job interview.
the career services provide job interviews.
the cart carries a single object.
the castle was designed to intimidate both local people and the enemies.
the cause and effect of problem.
the celebrated professor contributed several innovative ideas to the field.
the celebrated theory is still a subject of a great controversy.
the celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
the characteristics of the newly discovered insects match the ones we have on record.
the chemistry building is actually being built.
the chemistry building is located near the entrance of the campus.
the chemistry building is still open during vacation.
the chemistry club is located near the entrance to the campus.
the chemistry exam results will be posted on the website.
the chemistry exam results would be posted on the website.
the chief economist has radical ideas for the economy.
the chief executive reads several new books every month.
the chief industries are weaving, leather making, dying and working in iron and pottery.
the circulation desk is located on the ground floor.
the city needs improved infrastructure to attract more investments.
the city's founder created a set of rules that became the law.
the city's founders created a set of rules that became laws.
the clear evidence between brain events and behavioral events is fascinating.
the closing date for applications of travel scholarships is next monday
the closing date of application for travel scholarship is next monday.
the closing date of applications for travel scholarships is next monday.
the coffee house features sandwiches, salads, soup, chicken, and fish.
the coffee house has a special student discount throughout the week.
the coffee house menu features coffee, (chicken,) sandwiches and toast.
the coffee house menu features coffee, sandwiches and toast.
the coffee is free for the university students on weekdays.
the coffee machine on the third floor is not working today.
the collapse of the housing market makes recessions.
the college welcomes postgraduate students from all over the world.
the college welcomes students from all over the world.
the commission of fund supported among authorities has raised an argument.
the commissioner will allocate the funds among other authorities.
the commissioner will portion the funds among all the sovereignties.
the commissioner will portion the funds to all sovereignties.
the company needs to polish its image.
the company number of bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
the competency in the language in the assignment is to use more formal words.
the competency of the language in the assignment is to use more formal words.
the computer memory of modern computer is extended every year.
the computer viruses destroy all my files.
the concepts in this thesis were not new.
the conference is predicted to draw greater numbers than last year.
the content is to define the combination of math and philosophy.
the content is to define the combination of maths and philosophy.
the content of the book on the cover must be in capitals.
the contest includes both the land history and the human history.
the contest includes both the land living history and the human history.
the context includes both the land history and the human history.
the context is basically the background of framework surrounding the act of communication.
the cooperator operates a continuous assessment.
the country has been heavily subsidized.
the country suffered a series of invasion by tribes from present-day germany and denmark.
the country suffered a series of invasions by tribes from present-day germany and denmark.
the course comprises twenty hours of lectures, seminars and tutorials each week.
the course comprises twenty hours of lectures, seminars and tutorials per week.
the course considerably emphasizes on the critical thinking skills.
the course covers architecture planning and construction on the international scale.
the course dates are available on the college website.
the course examines one of the profound ethical dilemmas.
the course has been updated to reflect the current situation.
the course helps students to improve their pronunciation skills.
the course involves pure and applied mathematics.
the course registration is open early march for new students.
the course tomorrow will require higher skill levels.
the course will help students to improve their pronunciation skills.
the course will start with the history of architecture.
the courses cover several aspects of the subject.
the current and conventional method has many disadvantages including the side effects.
the current statistical evidence indicates the need of further research.
the curriculum is described in the course syllabus.
the curriculum is described in the course's syllabus.
the curriculum needed to be adjusted for development.
the dance department stages elaborated performances each semester.
the date of the invention of the first clock is disputed among historians.
the date of the invention of the first clock was disputed among historians.
the deadline for the submission of this assignment is tomorrow.
the deadline of the marketing assignment has been extended.
the deadline of this assignment is tomorrow.
the decision was made with the support of several faculty members.
the degree is taught by using a mixture of lectures and seminars.
the department has a higher proportion of postgraduate students.
the department has a higher than normal proportion of postgraduate students.
the department has higher than normal proportion of postgraduate students.
the department has organized a trip to london in july.
the department is doing research on biology.
the department is organising a trip to london in july.
the department is organizing a flight to london in july.
the department works closely for business communities.
the department works closely for business community.
the department works closely with its partners in the business community.
the designers will complete the plan later today
the designers will complete the plan later today.
the designers will complete the plan today.
the development in information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
the development in the information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
the development is mainly included in chapter 9.
the development was mainly included in chapter nine.
the digital camera has some advantages over traditional film.
the digital revolution has changed the way we read.
the dining hall will be under renovation during the fall break.
the dining hall will undergo renovations during the fall break.
the director of the gallery was grateful for the anonymous donation.
the disease that was serious has now been eradicated
the disease that was serious has now been eradicated.
the doctor was not here today.
the drama society is now auditioning for parts in the student play.
the due date is cancelled, because they found many issues in the project structure.
the early works of this research were more experimental.
the early works were more philosophical rather than experimental.
the earth's atmosphere is mostly composed of nitrogen and oxygen.
the economic books are at the back on the left.
the economic class will take place in the main lecture room.
the economic predictions turn/turned out to be incorrect.
the economic predictions turned out to be incorrect.
the economy is now on its first signs of recovery.
the economy is now showing signs of recovery.
the economy is showing signs of revival.
the economy now is on the first sign of recovery.
the economy now is showing the first sign of recovery.
the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
the effect of advertising is open to much debate.
the effective business management is always happened with new ideas.
the election of president is held once every four years.
the elective course introduces engineering students to construct practices and concepts.
the elephant is the largest land living mammal.
the elephant is the largest mammal on the land.
the employment demand in engineering is increasing rapidly.
the english and journalism degree has certain placements in the third year.
the english degree involves certain placements in the third year.
the english degree involves certain placements in thirty years.
the english degree is a worthy degree of the third year.
the english word typhoon comes from the chinese word big wind.
the english word typhoon comes from the chinese word ‘big wind’.
the equality has not yet been achieved in this society.
the essay contains most of the important information.
the essay will argue that the technology does more harm than good.
the essay will be published once the research is finished.
the evaluation forms will be reviewed by university personnel.
the exam system has been upgraded due to a professional exam.
the exam system has been upgraded due to professional exams.
the excursion for children is very much open to debate.
the exposure of advertising to children is open to much debate.
the extent of advertising for children is open to much debate.
the extent of advertising on children is very much open to debate.
the extent of advertising to children is very much open to debate.
the facts you have gone out with such infinite trouble were in failure to pinch.
the faculty staff are very approachable, friendly and extremely helpful.
the faculty staff are very approachable, helpful and extremely friendly.
the falling birth rate means the number of students dropped.
the falling birth rate means the number of students drops.
the farmers need to adapt to the changes of the climate.
the features issue the same explanation of the problem.
the features issued the same explanation of the problem.
the feedback from the students was extremely positive.
the feedback from the students was positive.
the feeling of disgust is related to the stomach.
the fellow students cannot be addressed enough.
the fertile plains in the east of the region provide excellent land for farming.
the fiction books are just past the counter.
the final year will consist of four taught courses and one project.
the financial report for the last quarter will be available this afternoon.
the finding shows that chocolate can improve immunity and mood.
the finding shows that dark chocolate can improve your immunity, mood and health.
the findings of researchers are focused on the cause of diseases and treatments.
the findings of researchers are focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
the fire left the area almost completely devoid of vegetation.
the first assignment is due on the fourteenth of september
the first assignment is due on the fourteenth of september.
the first assignment will be due on the 14th of september.
the first commercial advertising was built up on the island relatively recently.
the first commercial airport was built on the island relative recently.
the first commercial airport was built on the island relatively recently.
the first few sentences of an essay should capture the readers' attention.
the first few sentences of an essay should capture the readers’ attention.
the first person in space was from the soviet union.
the flexibility is the key factor in this course this semester.
the following economic policy lecture has been cancelled.
the food crops require a large amount of water and fertilizer.
the free trades are mutually beneficial for two partners.
the future of english is in the hands of countries where non-native speakers live.
the gallery can only be visited on fridays.
the gallery has shown many chinese paintings.
the gap between rich and poor is not decreasing rapidly as expected.
the gap between the rich and the poor was not decreased rapidly as expected.
the garden behind the university is a long and interesting one.
the garden behind the university is open to the public in summer.
the garden behind the university is open to the public in the summer.
the garden behind the university will open to the public in summer.
the generic biology technology lab is located at the north wing of the library.
the generic biology technology lab is located in the north wing of the library.
the genetic biology technology lab is located at the north wing of the library.
the geographic assignment should be submitted by the midday of friday.
the glimpse of dipping into this as a hobby is an enormously rewarding experience.
the goal of the company is to get investment.
the government financial plan has threatened the social services.
the government is funding research study on the consequences of unemployment.
the grade will be deducted for submitting after the due date.
the gravity is the force that attracts two bodies from one another.
the group performance will be in the concert hall.
the guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
the hardness of the butter is proportional to the softness of the bread.
the health center is situated at the corner of the university behind the library
the health center is situated at the corner of the university behind the library.
the history course is assessed via three written assignments.
the history department is very active in research.
the history lecture has been moved to the lecture theater.
the history of economics is a tricky subject to study.
the history of the movement was recorded by several writers.
the history of the university is a long and interesting one.
the history of this university is a long and interesting one.
the human being competed with each other for resources and space.
the hypothesis needs to be tested in a more rigorous way.
the hypothesis needs to be tested.
the hypothesis on black hole is rendered moot as the explanation of the explosion.
the hypothesis on the black hole is rendered moot as the explanation for the explosion.
the illnesses and diseases are coming.
the illnesses and the diseases are coming.
the impact of climate change could result in floods.
the importance of this event is not yet fully understood.
the importance of this event was not yet fully understood.
the industrial revolution in europe was driven by steam technology.
the information on the internet become more reliable.
the information on the internet is becoming more reliable.
the inhabitants of wildlife have been ignored by developers.
the inherent tension between these two features remains to be addressed.
the initial results are intriguing; however, statistically speaking they are insignificant.
the interaction of climate change and soil degradation will probably aggravate conditions.
the internet has transformed the nature of publishing
the internet has transformed the nature of publishing.
the introduction is an important component of a good presentation.
the invention of the printing press increases the demand for paper.
the investigation aims to establish stains of the problem.
the island is located at the north of the bay.
the island is located at the south end of the bay.
the island is located far away from the bay.
the issue burst the exploration of the problem.
the jobs tomorrow will require higher skill levels.
the key difference between courses is the kind of assessment.
the key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
the key to success in the exam is to study hard and do well.
the key witnesses of the event are factors of your convention.
the key witnesses to the event have conflicting recollections.
the laboratory near the entrance of the library,
the large and wide table is not for sale.
the large, wide table is not for sale.
the largest department in this university is history department.
the latest version of the operating system has many flaws.
the laundry table is not for sale.
the law library is closed on sundays and public holidays.
the leading companies changed their policies after the reports were released.
the leading companies have changed their policies and procedures after their reports were released.
the leading scientists speculate that numerous planets could support life forms.
the leaflets can be really useful when you are revising.
the lecture management in japan will take place in the week seven.
the lecture on child psychology has been postponed until friday.
the lecture on geology is postponed to another day.
the lecture theatre one is located on the ground floor of the pack building.
the lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policies in the united states.
the lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policy in the united states.
the lecture was meant to start at ten.
the lecture will cover the reason of climate change.
the lecture will deal with the influence of technology on music.
the library contains a wide collection of images and photographs.
the library has a number of collections of historical and social statistical publications.
the library has a wide range of collection of images and films.
the library has an extensive collection of statistical references.
the library has substantial materials of economic history.
the library holds a substantial collection of materials on economic history.
the library is closed for monday and thursday.
the library is located at the other side of the campus behind the student center.
the library offers group study rooms, so you can work with other students.
the library will be closed for 3 days over the bank holiday weekend.
the library will be closed for staff training tomorrow morning.
the library will stay open until midnight this week.
the local government has adopted a plan for infrastructure development.
the lowest grade has been omitted from the calculation.
the main concepts in these events were not new.
the main concepts in this thesis were not new.
the main concepts of these events were not yet fully understood.
the majority of our decisions are not rational.
the majority of the hardware we are using was built for a customer.
the marketing budget is doubled since the beginning of the year.
the massive accumulation of data is converted to a communicable argument.
the massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument.
the maximum production of chocolate is in the u.s..
the maximum production of chocolate is in u.s.
the media are to blame for excessive promotion of unhealthy food.
the media influence human options.
the media play a significant role in shaping public opinion.
the medical center is located near the supermarket on north street.
the medical centre is located near the supermarket on north street.
the medium plays a significant role in shaping public opinion
the meeting for first year economic students is on tuesday.
the meeting for first-year economics students is on tuesday.
the meeting has so many struggling overlaps.
the meeting has some struggle overlaps.
the meeting has some struggling overlaps.
the meeting will take place in the main auditorium.
the minimal mark for distinction is 75%.
the minimal mark for distinction is no less than 75%.
the minimum mark for distinction grade is no less than 75%.
the mismatch between the intended and reported uses of the instrument has become clear.
the modern approach to the problem is to stress the symbolic side of human nature.
the module of the work is more of a compositional style.
the module of work is more of a compositional style.
the morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
the most important details in this argument are missing.
the most important process of farming is weeding.
the most modern agricultural equipment is now extremely expensive.
the most popular courses still have a few places left.
the most striking thing about this budget of a smartphone cannot be seen on its face.
the most striking thing about this budget smartphone cannot be seen on its face.
the museum is closed on thursday morning every month.
the museum is closed on thursday mornings every month.
the nation achieved prosperity by opening its ports for trade.
the nearest automatic teller is in front of anatomy labs.
the nearest automatic teller is in front of the anatomy labs.
the negative discourse continues to be predominant in discussions about gender.
the new art gallery can only be visited on fridays.
the new biology course will be starting in february.
the new chemistry professor will deliver his first lecture tomorrow.
the new drug will be tested in north america.
the new english class will start next monday morning.
the new english classes will start next monday morning.
the new hypothesis needs to be tested with a new controlled experiment.
the new media has transformed the traditional national boundaries.
the new medical students must attend the talk about optional classes
the new paper challenged the previously accepted theories
the new paper challenged the previously accepted theories.
the new product failed due to a lack of demand.
the new professor used to work in a world bank.
the new technician dropped the microscope in the biology lab.
the new theory takes all the latest research results into account.
the new timetable for the next term will be available next week.
the new timetable will be posted on the website before class starts.
the newly discovered star was a subject to global debate about its origin.
the news is not received until the following week.
the next semester has many demanding courses.
the night sky has always involved mystery and wonder.
the night's sky has always involved mystery and wonder.
the north campus car park could be closed on sunday.
the north car park will be closed on sunday.
the northern campus car park is located behind the library.
the number of bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
the number of companies bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
the number of people in the world tripled during the last century.
the number of students registering for post graduate research has risen.
the number of students registering for postgraduate research has risen.
the office hours will be changed from next term.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays directly follow the freshman categories.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays directly following the freshman induction seminar.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays directly following the freshman seminar.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays.
the office opens on wednesday and thursday.
the office said dr. smith will arrive later today.
the office will be closed during the christmas break.
the older equipment has been put at the back of the building.
the opening hours of the library are reduced during summer.
the opposition has so far been unresponsive to our proposal.
the orchestra will be led by a visiting conductor.
the original olympic game is one kind of original festival.
the original olympic games were celebrated as religious festivals.
the other book is not thorough but it's more insightful.
the painter is well-known for his abstract period.
the paper challenged many previously accepted theories.
the paper has the potential to transform life science.
the part of the story is the story of my father.
the participation rate in the study of language learning exceeded the expectations
the period was a golden age of english literature.
the pharmacy was closed when i went past this morning.
the physics students will be given an additional module this year.
the placement test for mathematics and statistics is offered in this semester.
the plan is to phase out all cars with internal combustion engines by 2050.
the plight of wildlife has been ignored by developers.
the policy aims to increase the investment in foreign currency.
the politics combine both the legislative and the political authorities.
the pollution level in new delhi has reached an alarming level.
the portfolio is due to the internal review office no later than tuesday.
the post office will be closed on monday and friday afternoons.
the post office will be closed on mondays and fridays afternoon.
the poster of this play is hung in the large hall.
the poster of this play is hung in the large lecture theater.
the prevailing wind ensures the temperature extremes unwell.
the prevailing wind ensures the terms of something.
the printers automatically print two sides of each page.
the problem of postgraduate students is funding.
the problem with this is that it fails to answer the basic question.
the problems that science solves far outweigh the problems that it may bring.
the process is simple, just call them or ask for a representative to guide you.
the professor has promised to put his lecture notes online.
the professor is going to discuss the conflict.
the professor plans to discuss these issues this evening.
the professor took a year off to work on her book.
the professor took one year off to work on her book.
the professor took one year working on her book.
the professor will be the last speaker this evening.
the professor will talk about the summary in the lecture.
the program depend entirely on private funding.
the program depends entirely on private funding.
the program must be conducted abiding by general regulations
the program must be conducted abidingly by general regulations.
the program will be shown on the television during the weekend.
the project is divided into four main sections.
the properties should be appropriately distributed.
the prosperity of the united states can be described as the consequences of its open exports.
the psychology department is looking for volunteers to be involved in research projects.
the public is often misled by biased coverage.
the public is often misled by the biased coverage.
the puppets do comedy routines and there is some terrific formation dancing.
the purpose is to build new houses for local people.
the qualification will be assessed by using a conference criterion approach.
the qualification will be assessed by using a conference criterion to approach.
the qualification will be assessed by using a criterion-referenced approach.
the qualification will be assessed by using criterion-referenced approach.
the quality of life is an important measure on which the cities are ranked.
the quality of our accommodation is high, but it is still affordable for students.
the railway makes long-distance travel possible for everyone.
the railways make long-distance travel possible for everyone.
the railways were made to make distant travel possible.
the reading list will be available before the course begins.
the real group will perform in the concert hall.
the real reason for global hunger is not the lack of food, but poverty.
the recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
the recent study has thrown out the validity of the argument.
the recent technical advances have not only been big, they have also been fast.
the reception staff can give information of lending and printing.
the reception staff can give information of renting and printing.
the reception staff provide advice on renting private accommodation.
the reception staff provides advice on renting private accommodation.
the reconciliation is important, the basic underlying issue must be first addressed.
the registration for courses is open for new students.
the relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
the relevant materials are reserved in the library.
the relevant resources are reserved in the library.
the renewable energy alternatives were the main aspect of debate during the meeting.
the renowned journalism will last for half of the century.
the report contains the most important information.
the research has produced some other unexpected results.
the research looked at neighbourhood cooperative schemes such as community gardens.
the research looked at the neighborhood cooperative schemes such as community gardens.
the research on cyclone tropical forest are forecasting the weather conditions.
the research paper examined the economies of three countries.
the research paper should begin with a thorough review of the literature.
the research was investigating the great impact of gender on social attitude.
the research will investigate the great impact of gender on social attitude.
the researchers are disappointed that their materials are proved to be inconclusive.
the researchers are disappointed that their results are proved to be inconclusive
the residence hall is closed prior to the academic building closing time at the end of the semester.
the resident's hall is closed prior to the closing time of the academic building at the end of the semester.
the resources cited are not enough for this assessment.
the rest of the material was deposited partway down the catchment.
the restrooms are down the hall to the right.
the result of the study underscored the discoveries from the early detections.
the result of the study will be published next month.
the results of the experiment are reported in the table below.
the results of the study underscore the discoveries from early detections.
the results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detection.
the results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detections.
the results will be available in the main course and online.
the rise in sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
the rising of the sea level indicates climate change.
the rising temperature is changing the wildlife population.
the romans left in 410 at the beginning of the fifth century.
the romans left in 410, at the beginning of the 5th century.
the rules on breaks and lunch hours vary from company to the next
the same approach reached the same explanation of the problem.
the same approach reached to the same explanation of the problem.
the same issue featured both explanations of the problem.
the same issue featured both the explanations and the problems.
the same issue researched the same explanation of the problem.
the schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
the schedule allows plenty of time for independent study.
the schedule allows plenty of time for individual study.
the school canteen sells a large variety of water and food.
the school of arts and design has an open day on thursday next week.
the school should be spending all that money to construct a new science library.
the school's summer programs help students to accelerate their studies.
the scientists found most of the studies today.
the scientists now study a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
the scientists use the web to explore the problems.
the scientists will face both the explanations and the problems.
the search for universal explanations plays an important role in the development of archaeological theory.
the seminar on writing skills has been cancelled.
the seminar papers should be submitted in the main office which is located behind the library.
the seminar provided an opportunity to exchange ideas with other students.
the seminar provides an opportunity to exchange ideas with other students.
the seminar will be on the last week of the quarter.
the seminar will be on the next week of the quarter.
the seminar will now take place a week on tuesday.
the shipwreck of this year ruined some artifacts which were interested by historians.
the site is designed to be highly interactive.
the site is designed to be interactive.
the skills of great stage actor cannot be taught.
the skills of great stage actors cannot be taught.
the slide shows that there has been a minimal growth.
the slide shows there has been a minimal growth.
the small indian island is made up of forests and snowy valleys.
the smart city is an idea that has captured the imagination of governments all over the world.
the smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution.
the sociology department is highly regarded worldwide.
the sociology exam will take place in week thirteen.
the software companies design and create new products.
the solar energy department is highly regarded worldwide.
the speaker mentioned two things that affect happiness.
the sports team members often practice on weekdays and play games on weekends.
the spot of lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
the stairs are to the left of the elevator.
the stock market redesigned the market throughout the world.
the student housing is of very high quality, but still affordable.
the student magazine is looking for a new editor.
the student service center is located on the main campus behind the library.
the student welfare officer can help students with different issues.
the student welfare officer can help with questions about exam techniques.
the student welfare officer can help you with questions about exam techniques.
the students are waiting for a meal.
the students have options to live in residences or apartments.
the students have the option to live in the college residences or apartments.
the students union governs the use of the sports center.
the students were instructed to submit their assignments before friday.
the students were instructed to submit their assignments by friday.
the students will meet their new teachers after the summer vacation.
the studies showed the hong kong people are the most active in asia.
the study of anthropology can help us learn about society today.
the study of anthropology can help us to learn society today.
the study of archaeology requires intensive international fieldwork.
the study of history can provide unique insight.
the study of utilizing projects is funded by the university.
the study showed that people's mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
the study showed that people's mood could be affected by news and weather reports.
the study showed that people’s mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
the study shows that there are positive connections between the two variables.
the study shows the sense of recent technologies.
the subject was complex and hard to explain.
the summer course was canceled due to insufficient re-enrollments.
the summer course was cancelled due to insufficient enrollments.
the summer course was cancelled due to insufficient re-enrollments.
the summer school allows some students to accelerate their studies.
the summer school program allows students to summarize their studies.
the summer school programs allow students to summarize their studies.
the supplementary energy sources are needed after exertion.
the sustainable development is not easy, but it is unavoidable.
the synopsis contains the most important information.
the task tomorrow will require higher level skills.
the task tomorrow will require higher level.
the teacher asked the group to commence the task.
the teacher explained the homework to the class.
the teacher explains course to the class.
the teacher required students to attend a ceremony held in the playground in the summer vacation.
the teacher training is an observation of the classes.
the teaching group will perform in the concert hall.
the teaching staff are actively engaged in original research.
the technician dropped the new microscope in the biology lab.
the technician left the new microscope in the biology lab.
the technology has transformed the nature of society.
the technology they introduced meant that metal and leather goods were produced there for the first time.
the television output is giving evident educational programming.
the temperature in summer is lower when comparing to the fall.
the terms illness and disease are confusing despite clear differences.
the terms of illnesses and diseases are often confused despite the clear differences
the test selected materials from all chapters in this course this semester.
the theater courses are encouraging students to exercise creativity.
the theatre courses are encouraging students to access creativity.
the theatre study course encourages students to exercise creativity.
the theme of the instrumental work exhibited more of a demure, compositional style.
the theme of the instrumental work exhibits more of a demure, compositional style.
the theme of the issue was the estimation of the problem.
the theoretical proposal was challenged to grasp.
the theoretical proposal was challenging to grasp.
the theory has a great control of controversy.
the thief visited homes of several people every day.
the thoughts never cross my mind.
the thought’s never crossed my mind.
the time of the math lecture has been changed to ten thirty.
the timetable for next term will be available next week.
the timetable for the new term will be available next week.
the timetable for the next term will be available next week.
the timetable will be posted on the website before the class starts.
the topic for discussion is usually related to the topic for a speech.
the topic next week on colonialism will be the nuclear disarmament.
the topic next week on our column will be the nuclear disarmament.
the toughest part of postgraduate education is funding.
the toughest part of public transport is funding.
the toughest part of research for postgraduate students is funding.
the toughest part of research for undergraduate education is funding.
the toughest problem of research for postgraduate students is funding.
the translator is not available in our department.
the treasure hunters were willing to take any risks to get to the location.
the trial experiment is to increase the interests of the issue and the jurisdiction clause.
the trial is to increase the interest of the issue and the jurisdiction.
the trip for the professional training will start soon, so pack the items before we leave.
the trip for the professional training will start soon, so, pack the items before we leave.
the tutor is there for help, so do ask if you don't understand anything.
the tutor is there to help, so do ask if you don’t understand anything.
the tutorial is held on the 8th of april.
the tutorial timetable can be found on the course website.
the two sides have disagreed on how to solve the problem.
the two variables in the study were very closely correlated.
the undergraduate students are taught with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
the undergraduate students are teaching with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
the undergraduates need some specific resources to analyze a specific problem.
the undergraduates need some specific sources to analyse a specific program.
the undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a program.
the undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a specific program.
the undergraduates students are taught with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
the united kingdom is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy.
the united states has become a coffee culture in recent years.
the united states has developed a coffee culture in recent years.
the united states has the maximum production of chocolate.
the universities provide excellent leisure facilities for students and staff.
the universities provide exchange programs to other countries.
the university canteen is now offering many healthy meal options.
the university canteen offers different healthy meal options.
the university canteen offers so many options.
the university celebrated earth day by planting trees.
the university celebrated the earth day by planting trees.
the university has a lot of travel scholarships available that students can apply for.
the university has a number of travel scholarships that students can apply for.
the university has a world renowned school of archaeology.
the university has a world-renowned school of archaeology.
the university has invested in the new technology designed for learning.
the university is dedicated to providing quality education to all students.
the university is willing to join the joint research efforts of the local council.
the university is working towards being more environmentally sustainable.
the university library has most of the necessary books.
the university library held the collections of geological theories
the university library holds a number of collections of geological maps.
the university main library will be open till midnight until next monday.
the university officer will help you locate housing and transportation.
the university provides different facilities for students and staff.
the university provides excellent leisure facilities for students and staff.
the university provides legislation for students and staff.
the university seeks the funds for renovation of the theatre.
the university sent exchange students to other countries.
the university sent exchanged students to other countries.
the university should introduce technology to support learning.
the university should invest technology methods designed to support learning.
the university supplies a number of scholarships for qualified students.
the university supplies a number of scholarships for those who have specific goals.
the university theatre group will be performing in the concert hall.
the university will introduce several new courses in the coming year.
the university's main library will be open till midnight until next monday.
the untapped potential of using the sun's rays is phenomenal.
the untapped potential use of sun rays is phenomenal
the untapped potential use of sun rays is phenomenal.
the untapped potential way to monitoring sun's rise is phenomenal.
the urban geography degree includes the study of demography.
the us ranks the twenty-second in foreign aid, given it as a percentage of gdp.
the us ranks twenty-second in foreign aid, given it as a percentage of gdp.
the use of dictionary is not allowed during the examination.
the use of mobile phone is not permitted in the library.
the use of mobile phones is not permitted in the library.
the verdict depends on which side is more convincing to the jury.
the verdict depends on which side was more convincing to the jury.
the very basic definition of computing would be counting and calculation.
the visiting guest used to be the lecturer of this department.
the visiting professor is going to give a lecture for geology.
the visiting professor is going to give a lecture on geology.
the visiting speaker used to be a lecturer in this department.
the visitor used to be the lecturer of this department.
the vocabulary that has peculiar meanings is called jargon.
the vocabulary with particular meaning is jargon.
the way of looking at something depends on your situation.
the way people communicate is constantly changing.
the ways in which people communicate are constantly changing.
the weather turned out to be lovely sometime earlier.
the weather used to be lovely at this time of the year.
the website interface represents the stimulus that influence consumer's decision making.
the website interface represents the stimulus that influence consumer’s decision making.
the well-known economist was supposed to reread the subscription before eight.
the wheelchair gradewalk to russell falls is the most popular track in the park.
the wheelchair lift has been upgraded this month.
the wheelchair lift will be upgraded this month.
the whole point of the project was to look at the norm but not the exception.
the whole point of the project was to look at the norm not the exception.
the wildlife have been ignored by developers.
the winter sun is lower but high enough to produce enough warmth.
the workshop will show you how to search the library catalogues
the workshop will show you how to search the library catalogues.
the world is now getting warmer at a fast rate.
theater study courses encourage students to exercise creativity.
theft happens to a thousand people every day.
then we go for ones where we know there're guided tours, because this gives good focus for the visit.
theories are based on practical as discussed.
theories are based on the practical as discussed.
theory and training are required to become a medical specialist.
there are a range of housing options near the university.
there are a variety of different ways to present statistical information.
there are a variety of disciplines in the field of engineering.
there are a wide variety of disciplines within the field of engineering.
there are accounting assignments for finance students.
there are dedicated specialist librarians available all the time.
there are different types of governments in the world.
there are hundreds of clubs and societies to choose from.
there are lots of people competing for places in computer courses.
there are lots of people competing for the places in computer courses.
there are many abstract paintings here.
there are many branches of medical studies.
there are many concerns about the research, for example, financial considerations.
there are many different styles of business management.
there are many exciting developments occurring in the industry.
there are many good methods that can be used.
there are many good reasons to grow trees in more cities.
there are many good reasons to plant trees in city.
there are many types of governments in the world.
there are more opportunities to receive the grants in most artistic fields.
there are new innovations in the field of digital architecture.
there are no places left in the morning tutorial.
there are no scheduled classes during the final exam weeks.
there are not many interconnections between philosophy and psychology.
there are on-going problems with over-consumption of junk food.
there are opportunities to receive the grants from most artistic fields.
there are places on campus where you can get meals.
there are places on campus where you can get milk.
there are places on campus where you can't get milk.
there are places that we can get milk.
there are places where we can get milk.
there are several reasons for population growth, such as better education.
there are several reasons for this lack of interest in corporate crime, compared with other types of crime.
there are so many fast food outlets on campus nowadays
there are so many fast food outlets on campus nowadays.
there are some doubts about whether these events actually occurred.
there are some doubts as to whether these events actually occurred.
there are some laboratories that are closed due to the lack of funding.
there are still many people struggling in the lab.
there are still many people who struggle in the lab.
there are varying approaches to plagiarism across different university departments.
there are varying plagiarism across different university departments.
there are varying plagiarism policies across different university departments.
there has been a rapid growth in the commercial market.
there have been (too) many struggles in the mathematics department.
there have been long streams of extreme weather since human history.
there have been long streams of extreme weather throughout human history
there have been many changes recently in the mathematics department.
there have been too many struggles in the mathematics department.
there is a clear need for further research in this field.
there is a limited amount of departmental funding which is available for qualified students.
there is a lot of sugar in many fast food.
there is a lot of traffic in the morning.
there is a need for constructive dialogues between leaders.
there is a new chemistry test next week.
there is a new pharmacy on the north side of the university campus.
there is a pharmacy on campus near the store.
there is a plan in place for those who have difficulty paying their bills.
there is a point between chemistry and other side of subjects.
there is a position available for a junior lecturer in media studies.
there is a position available for assistant lecturer for mathematics.
there is a separate reading list for each course.
there is a significant difference between theory and practice in education.
there is a significant difference between theory and practice of education.
there is a strict eligibility criterion to undertake background speaker studies.
there is a welcome party for all new students each term.
there is a welcome party for all new students for each term.
there is a widely believed perception that engineering is for boys.
there is absolutely no archaeological evidence to prove that alexander the great existed.
there is an accounting assessment for finance students.
there is an accounting assignment for finance students.
there is an important difference between mass production and batch production.
there is an overlap between chemistry and other subjects.
there is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment
there is clearly a need for further research in this field.
there is considerably less supervision at university.
there is disagreement among researchers about why we dream.
there is limited funding in this department to support qualified students.
there is little evidence available to contradict his viewpoints.
there is no criterion passed for qualified journalists.
there is no economic reason why public borrowing is necessarily bad.
there is no economic recognition that borrowing is necessarily bad.
there is no entrance fee for tonight’s lecture.
there is no fixed career path for a qualified journalist.
there is no fixed career path for qualified journalists.
there is no guarantee that you will get your first choice.
there is no much interconnection between philosophy and psychology.
there is no reason to prove that boredom is necessarily bad.
there is not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
there is not enough evidence to support this recommendation.
there is not much interconnection between philosophy and psychology
there is not much interconnection between philosophy and psychology.
there is plenty of cheap accommodation off-campus.
there is varying plagiarism across different university departments.
there may be financial concerns in the research, for example, funding considerations.
there was a lot of traffic in the morning.
there was a prize for the best student of the presentation.
there was no correlation between drug used and cure rates.
there was not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
there were a lot of traffic jams this morning.
there will be a chemistry test in the classroom next week.
there will be a conference here next summer on using the web for academic research.
there will be a guest lecture in the next class.
there will be a guest lecturer visiting the department next month.
there will be a guest lecturer visiting the psychology department next month.
there will be a meeting for the first year students on friday.
there will be a meeting for the first-year students on friday.
there will be a significant rise in tuition fees starting next year.
there will be ample opportunities to ask questions about the presentation.
there will be an open book exam on monday, the 28th.
there will be an open book exam on monday, the twenty-eighth.
there will be no extensions given for this project.
there will be open book exams on monday the 28th.
there won't any space for me in the car.
there won't be any space for me in the car.
there's an hourly bus service from the campus into town.
there's been far more research on conventional crime and far more data is available.
these features were part of the previous system.
these have also been found to contribute to the death of many marine animals.
these leaflets can be really useful when you are revising.
these regions were both areas of economic development.
these research, data and collections should be analyzed.
these researches, data and collections should be analyzed.
these three separate resources are not enough for this assessment.
these words recognize the excellence of undergraduates' research projects.
these words recognized the excellence of undergraduates' research projects.
they can tutor other students who need help for the preparation of the course and the test.
they develop a unique approach to train their employees.
they developed a unique approach to training their employees.
they have both grown up in the rural area and dislike the urban life.
they have both grown up in the rural areas and dislike the urban life.
they have enough works to keep them going.
they have struggled since last year to make their services paid.
they look at the health needs of the local community and develop plans to set priorities locally.
they reached the same explanation of the problem.
they say professor james's lectures are always interesting and fun.
they say professor james's lectures are always interesting and funny.
they were struggling last year to make their service paid.
they were struggling last year to make their service pay.
they were struggling to pay their fees last year.
this advanced course requires a basic knowledge of economic theory.
this argument relies on huge advances in computer translation and speech recognition.
this article covers architecture planning and construction.
this article covers the who, where and when of the conflict.
this article covers who, where and when of the conflict.
this article refers to a number of interesting experiments.
this book can be borrowed for a maximum of one week.
this brought about the tremendous change in the environment, with the sea level rising and creeping steadily inland.
this camera can identify eyes and focus on them.
this can be seen as the starting point of my discussion today.
this can be used as a starting point of my discussion today.
this class will look at the structure of an essay.
this class will look at the structure of the essay.
this course aims to develop your knowledge of statistics.
this course can help to deepen your appreciation of art.
this course considerably emphasizes on the critical thinking skills.
this course is integrated because it has several parts.
this course provides the opportunity to get valuable industry experience.
this course puts great emphasis on critical thinking skills.
this course will examine some of the profound ethical dilemmas.
this essay examined the use of computer in the science classroom.
this essay will argue technology does more harm than good.
this graph shows there is a minimum growth.
this guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
this is a chance to take a risk, try something new and something that you like.
this is a composed course, so make sure you attend.
this is a compulsory course, so make sure you attend.
this is a prestigious program for our university.
this is an integrated course with several elements.
this is how we deliver health care to millions of people over the world.
this is interesting in parliament.
this is the third time you've asked for an extension on this project.
this is the third time you’ve asked for an extension on this project.
this lecture was meant to start at 10.
this lecture was meant to start at ten.
this material is good for the next week's seminar.
this means we will have so many troubles on the lab.
this means we will have so many troubles on the lam.
this module develops our understanding of the theory behind advertising campaigns.
this morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
this newspaper challenges the previously accepted theories.
this number went up very slowly over several centuries.
this office is highly associated with your academic life in campus.
this paper challenged the previously accepted theories.
this paper has the potential to transform life science.
this part of session is not supported by documentation.
this part of the session is not supported by documentation.
this part of the story is the story of my father.
this problem is complex and difficult to explain.
this process has enabled the rational identification of core machinery.
this project is divided into four main sections.
this schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
this science fiction novel uses inventions of better space to create the setting.
this semester we plan to specialize in education psychology.
this semester we plan to specialize in educational psychology.
this session is not supported by documentation.
this short line on the painting represents life.
this slide shows that there has been a minimal growth.
this slide shows there is a minimum growth.
this small indian state is a land of forest valleys and snowy islands.
this small indian state is a land of forests, valleys and snowy islands.
this software company designs and creates new products.
this will make the tutoring session really slow.
this work will be the starting point of my discussion today.
this year we are applying to use a different type of assessment on this module.
those events are not yet fully understood.
those lectures begin promptly, so do not be late
those reference books are too old, while the others are ok.
those seeking for formal extension should contact their faculty for information.
those students have to retake the module if their marks are too low.
those students seeking formal extension should talk to their faculties for more information.
those who are considering a career of marketing should attend the talk.
those who seek for formal extension should contact their faculty for information.
those who seek for formal extension should contact their faculty for more information.
those who want to apply for an extension should contact their faculty.
thousands of people turned out ahead of the prestigious election.
thousands of people turned out to be at the presidential address.
three of the students were confused by the key hypothesis.
three types of resources are enough for ...
time and distance are used to calculate speed.
time and space are used to calculate the distance.
time is needed to complete the lecture.
time was needed to process complex lectures.
time was needed to process complex topics of the lectures.
timetables about new term will be available next week.
to achieve full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
to acquire a copy of the presentation, please go to my website.
to answer such a complex question with a simple yes or no is absolutely impossible.
to be honest, the scholarships are reserved to boost admissions.
to be precise, your assignments need an abstract at the beginning.
to contact the education executive, you need to call 401.
to gain full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
to get further extension, you need to call the education executive on 401.
to improve the essay, i decided to include more direct quotes.
to measure distance could take as much as three weeks.
to receive the reimbursement, you must keep the original receipts.
to start your visit, i'm just going to give you a brief account of the history of the museum.
to understand its entity, we need to go back to its origin.
today we are going to move on to the next chapter-volcano.
today we will look at how to display the data visually.
today's history lecture has been moved to lecture theater.
today's lecture material will be included in the next assessment.
today, we will be discussing the role of government in preventing injustice.
today, we will be discussing the role of the government in preventing injustice.
today, we will discuss the sonnet and course papers.
today’s history lecture has been moved to the lecture theatre.
tom doesn't watch tv except on saturdays.
tom suggested another plan to the committee.
tomorrow's lecture will discuss educational policy in the united states.
tomorrow's lunch time seminar on nuclear engineering has been postponed.
tomorrow's lunchtime seminar on nuclear engineering has been postponed.
too much information may be avoided by good research design.
tours operate all year around, but the busier season runs from may.
tours operate all year round, but the busier dry season runs from may.
trade finance is an important part of the business.
trade financing for the local market or the international market for exports begin from the first stop at the banks.
traffic is the main cause for pollution in main cities.
traffic is the main cause for pollution in many cities.
traffic is the main cause of air pollution in many cities.
traffic is very bad in the evening, therefore we must leave early.
traffic is very bad in the evening; therefore, we must leave early.
traffic snarled up on both sides of the road.
travelling by boat on the river is not possible in winter.
trees benefit the city by absorbing water run off road.
tribes vied with each other to build up monolithic statues.
tribes work with each other to build monolith statues.
tribes work with each other to build up a monolithic statue.
tribes worked with each other to build monolithic statues.
try to explain how your ideas are linked so that there is a logical flow.
try to work with each other to build up a sense of cooperation and team spirit.
tuesday's lecture on social psychology will now take place in the central hall.
tuesday’s lecture on social psychology will now take place in the central hall.
tutorials are held for two hours every thursday during semester.
tutorials are held for two hours every thursday during the semester.
tutors should set a clear goal at the start of the class.
tutors should set goals at the start of the class.
undergraduate students can select what interests them most in the scientific program.
undergraduate students may participate in specific stages within the program.
undergraduate students may pursue their specific interests within specific programs.
undergraduates have a wide range of cultural modules to choose from.
undergraduates may need to pursue some specific interests within the specific program.
undergraduates may participate in specific stages within the program.
undergraduates may pursue a specific interest within certificate programs.
undergraduates may pursue their specific interests within certificate programs.
undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a program.
undergraduates pursue their interests in special stages within the program.
understanding how to use the library will save you time.
understanding how to use the library will save your time.
understanding visual media has never been more challenging.
unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in years.
unfortunately, the two most interesting economic selection clash on my timetable.
unfortunately, the two most interesting economics selections clash on my timetable.
unfortunately, their immune systems were not strong enough to fight off common earthly bacteria.
universities invest new technology designed for learning.
universities need to secure the grants for research subjects.
university departments carefully monitor articles and other publications by faculty.
university departments carefully monitored articles and other publications by faculty.
university departments should carefully monitor articles and publications by faculty.
university fees are expected to increase next year.
university graduates will work for a year in industries.
university student should purchase the graduation gown for the commencement.
university students pay a lot of money for their education.
university students pay a lot of money for their educations.
unlike applied arts, fine arts do not serve a practical function.
unlike short sleep, overlong sleep increases the risk of illness.
unlike the other store, where it can take up to 14 days, this will only be a week.
unusual patterns are making farming more difficult.
unusual patterns make farming more difficult.
unusual weather patterns are making farming more difficult today.
upgrading manufacturing systems can increase efficiency.
urban planning emphasizes on efficiency and expansion of community.
urban planning emphasizes on expenses community.
urban planning emphasizes on the expansion of the community.
urbanization provides emphasis on the expense of other communities.
usually but not always, reviews provided unbiased source of information.
various measures were proposed which would not have aggravated the situation.
very little of the work of today's knowledge firm is repetitive mechanical.
very little of the work of today’s knowledge firm is repetitive or mechanical.
vessels carry blood from the heart to other parts of the body.
via agreement with government, a fast food company restricted its advertising.
visual aids can make presentations clear and more interesting.
visual aids can make presentations clearer and more interesting.
vocabulary in a special field is jargon.
volcanoes have played a key role in forming and modifying the earth.
water is heated to boil and added to the mixture.
water is heated to boiling and added to the mixture.
water is heated to boiling in the flask and added to the mixture.
water is heated to something and added to the mixture
water taps on the campus will discourage the frequent use of plastic bottles.
we aim to develop a partnership with the government and financial institutions.
we aim to develop the partnership with the government and financial institutions.
we are able to accommodate more students than previously.
we are able to work in a team.
we are achieving common prosperity throughout the department.
we are also going to be more prescriptive about what you focus on in your presentation.
we are constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
we are continuing to provide learning resources.
we are continuing to provide postgraduate online learning resources.
we are dealing with the most challenges that we face today.
we are delighted to have professor robert to join our faculty.
we are facing the discomfort on campus.
we are fixing up disposable cups on campus.
we are more able to accommodate postgraduate students than previously possible.
we are no longer responding to any material requests.
we are no longer responding to any reference requests.
we are not going to accept the assignment after due day on friday.
we are not going to accept the assignment after the due date on friday.
we are not going to accept the assignment after the due day on friday.
we are on track for one billion tobacco related deaths this century.
we are phasing out the disposable cups on campus.
we are phasing out the disposal cups on campus.
we are required to submit the assignment before friday.
we are researching on the most significant challenges we are facing today.
we are rethinking the solutions for the society.
we are so dependent on computer that we cannot live without it.
we are so dependent on the computer that we cannot live without it.
we are warning the clients that the rates are increasing.
we can all meet in the office after the lecture.
we can have a lecture on the morning of thursday.
we can meet in the office after the lecture.
we can work together to achieve the higher educational standards.
we can't consider any increase in our price at this stage.
we can't consider any increases in our prices at this stage.
we cannot consider an increase in price at this stage.
we cannot consider increasing the price at this stage.
we could invest in effective public transport.
we developed a method for evaluation of dynamic changes.
we didn't have any noticeable variance between the two or three tasks.
we didn't mean to ask him to do it because he cannot manage it.
we didn’t have any noticeable variance between the two or three tasks.
we divide our class into two groups. you come with me, the rest should stay here.
we don't accept assignments submitted after due day.
we don't accept assignments submitted after the due day.
we don't have enough evidence to draw conclusions.
we don't teach in the same way as we used to.
we don’t teach the same way as we used to.
we have a lecture in the morning of thursday.
we have a lecture in the morning on thursday.
we have not yet achieved equality in our society.
we have sufficient ways to study in brain action.
we help individuals to develop and follow their interest.
we help students to develop their individuals and follow their interest.
we hold the visiting hours throughout the year for students.
we hold visiting tours throughout the year for students.
we know that sleep is essential for a normal life.
we like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
we must not be discouraged by setbacks in life.
we must put great care when analyzing data.
we must put great care when analyzing the data.
we need to answer security questions if we want to reset the password.
we need to approach communication in an open way.
we need to hand in our assignments by the end of the week.
we need to hand in our assignments by the end of the/this week.
we need to hand in the assignment by next week.
we need to hand in the essay by next week.
we need to make sure the school principal know about the changes.
we need to make sure the school principal knows about the changes.
we need to read the first five chapters to prepare for next week's tutorial.
we no longer respond to any postal reference requests.
we offer a broad range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses.
we prefer postgraduate students than previously possible.
we provide a wide range of courses to undergraduate and postgraduate students.
we shall be studying economy of several developing countries.
we shall be studying the economy of several developing countries.
we should attempt to lower the amount of traffic on roads.
we should have a meeting to discuss and report.
we should never underestimate the power of creative
we should never underestimate the power of creative design.
we study science to understand and appreciate the world around us.
we support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forecasting.
we support to do research in the field of archaeology such as forecasting and estimation.
we want to attract the very best students regardless of their financial circumstances.
we were able to contact a number of research subjects.
we were able to contact a number of researchers.
we were able to contact the number of research subjects.
we will discuss these two pictures in next lecture.
we will never learn that if life exists on other planets.
we will see if we can get through this without too many interruptions.
we will study the following two pictures in the next lecture.
we would like a first draft of the assignment by monday.
we would like a videotape for the lecture.
we would like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
we've decided to ask you to write four short pieces of written coursework this year.
wearing a mask is one of the best ways to curb the pandemic.
weather patterns have been changed significantly over the past two hundred years.
well, words come out of the culture that they represent and they describe.
we’re constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
we’re constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture closer together.
we’ve decided to ask you to write four short pieces of hand-written coursework this semester.
we’ve decided to ask you to write four short pieces of written coursework this semester.
what distinguishes him from others is that he used black and white photography.
what distinguishes him from others is the dramatic use of black and white photography.
what is the best possible way to get the work permit for this job?
what is the most effective way of interaction between teachers and students in class?
what surprised me is the number of students in this course.
when bad drove out good, the local workers were more difficult than their competitors.
when everyone commits to looking after their health, soft drinks will not be on the menu.
when i was in school, i had many of the same problems you do now.
when i was in school, i had many of the same problems you have now.
when launching a product, research and marketing are very vital.
when launching a product, researching and investing are very important.
when launching a product, researching and marketing are very vital.
when meeting high potential risks, companies will raise their price.
when met with high potential risks, companies will raise their prices.
when parents talk to children, the tense is simplified.
when sentencing, the court will depend on whether the criminal is guilty or not.
when sentencing, the courter will depend on if the criminal is guilty or not.
when the court announces the sentence, the judge will see if she is regretting.
when the court pronounces the sentence, the judge will see if she is regretting.
when the demand for the course rose, university authorities took on additional academic staff.
when the roots of a plant failed, foliage suffers.
when we are stressed, our skin releases a natural chemical, a hormone, that repels mosquitoes.
when we are stressed, our skin releases a natural chemical, hormone, that repels mosquitoes.
when we talk, we use tone and expressions to understand.
when we think about communication we think about interaction.
when workers ask for an increase in wages, the company raises its prices.
when workers ask for higher wages, companies often raise their prices.
while concealing ideas is desirable, basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
while conceiving ideas is desirable, basic issues must first be addressed.
while reconciliation is desirable, basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
while reconciliation is desirable, the basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
while the information indicates something for consuming products
why has the project been held up for so long?
will those happy days ever be forgotten by you?
with the development of technology, something brings a lot of benefits to the us
without doubt his primary motive was economic growth.
without doubt, his primary motive was economic growth.
without doubt, his primary motive was economic.
without doubt, this theory has a number of limitations.
words can’t express how sad we are to hear your loss.
would you like to come to the gallery with me?
would you like to videotape our lecture?
would you pass me the book on the left-hand side?
would you pass the book on the left hand side?
would you pass the material text book on the table?
would you please put the materials on the table.
would you please put the materials on the table?
would you prepare some powerpoint slides with appropriate graphs?
writing an essay is easy once the research is finished.
years of training are required to become a medical specialist.
years of training is required to become of a medical specialist.
you are advised to revise the project.
you are not allowed to submit your assignments after the due date next week.
you are not permitted to take reference books out of the library.
you are required to complete the assignment by next monday
you are required to complete the research paper by monday.
you are required to complete the research paper by next monday.
you are required to submit the assignment before friday.
you are required to submit your assignment by friday.
you are supposed to provide your research efforts to your project coordinator.
you are trained to be a special journalist.
you can ask your tutor for further assistance.
you can buy a ticket for the lecture from the school secretary.
you can change your courses on the website during the registration period.
you can contact all your tutors by e-mail.
you can contact all your tutors by email.
you can contact oil traders by email.
you can download all lecture handouts from the course website.
you can find a lot more information on the university website.
you can find a lot more information on university website.
you can find a lot more references information on the university website.
you can find a lot more references on university website.
you can find the student service center on level one of home building.
you can find the student service centre on level one of home building.
you can find the students service desk located on the ground floor of the whole building.
you can get a student card at the reception.
you can get your coffee and tea in the lounge.
you can get your coffee and tea in the room.
you can have student discount in many campus stores including the coffee house.
you can have your laptop during the exam.
you can keep your bags in the backroom.
you can only choose one subject from biology and chemistry.
you can only choose one subject from biology and media.
you can pay by cash or using a credit card.
you can pay using cash or a credit card.
you can request library books by using the electronic catalogue.
you can retake the module if your marks are too low.
you can use a laptop during the lecture.
you cannot renew any overdue books in the science library.
you come with me and the others stay here.
you come with me, and the others just stay here.
you do not need to have specialist knowledge to enjoy this book.
you do not need to specialize to enjoy this book.
you don't have to be on professor smith's course to attend this lecture.
you don't need to have specialist knowledge to be able to read the book.
you don’t have to be on professor smith’s course to attend this lecture.
you don’t need to have specialist knowledge to be able to read the book.
you have the freedom to study what interests you most.
you have to learn how to use the library to save your time.
you have to send me your essay in two core and three optional modules.
you have to send me your essay in two courses and three modules.
you may need to purchase an academic gown before the commencement.
you must be willing to accept any of your choices you selected
you must call your doctor to make an appointment.
you must complete this chapter before going to the field trip.
you must ensure you do not include too much irrelevant information.
you must establish a day and a time with your tutor.
you must figure out the mathematical problems and apply what you learned.
you must figure out the mathematical problems and apply what you've learned.
you must go to the reception to pick up your student card.
you must hand in your essays by midday on friday.
you must inform your advisor if you are absent from the class.
you must inform your professor if you are absent in your class.
you must read the supplementary materials as the professor has a habit of asking questions from it.
you must set a security question when resetting your password.
you must sign for attendance in this class.
you must sign for attendance of this class.
you must submit your assignment by next friday at the latest.
you must submit your assignments by next friday at the latest.
you must take 3 core and 2 elective courses in the semester.
you must take 3 core and 2 elective courses in this semester.
you need a valid visa letter from the department to join the workforce.
you need to be careful when quoting internet source.
you need to change your username and password, as soon as we recover it.
you need to contact us regarding the weekly availability of the telescopes.
you need to dress gorgeously to attend the ceremony.
you need to finish the reporting of the chapter before going on the field trip.
you need to finish the reporting of the chapter before going to the field trip.
you need to give a better example to support your argument.
you need to hand in an essay in the next semester.
you need to hand in the essay next semester.
you need to put these books on the table over there.
you need to read the chapter before the management class
you need to save your files before turning off the computer.
you need to use a bunsen burner and a test tube.
you need to write a proposal for your research.
you shall be studying economies of several developing countries.
you should allocate your time wisely when revising.
you should draw your graph on a separate page.
you should enquire about the direct deposit.
you should go to the reception to get your student card.
you should include these two pictures from the lecture in your assignment.
you should include these two pictures in your assignment.
you should include your name and identification number in the application form.
you should include your name and identification number on the registration form.
you should include your name and identity number in the registration form.
you should inform your professor if you are absent from your classroom.
you should pre-select three to four courses that you are interested in taking.
you should provide examples to support your ideas and arguments.
you should raise your concern with the head of school.
you should send me your essay before midnight tomorrow.
you should submit your essay by midnight tomorrow.
you should submit your essay next semester.
you should submit your team papers to the general office.
you were able to contact a number of research subjects.
you will acquire many skills during the academic studies.
you will acquire new skills during your academic studies.
you will be informed of the results by e-mail.
you will be informed of the results by email.
you will be less stressed if you are well prepared for the exam.
you will be tested via continuous assessment and examinations.
you will be tested via quiz and dissertation.
you will find the economic section on the second floor of the library.
you will need to purchase an academic gown before the commencement.
you will need to purchase an academic gown for commencement.
you will need to read chapter one before the management class.
you will portray your plan and sign off on your paper.
you will probably need to find the nearest post-office to be able to access that service.
you will study two core and three optional modules.
you will study two courses and three modules.
you will take on your uniform on the first day.
you will take your uniform on the first day.
you wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
you'll find the economics section on the second floor of the library.
you're the best advertising executive this company has ever had.
your agent will collect commission for each house they sell.
your application for a research grant has been received.
your application for research grant has been received.
your enrollment information, results and fees will be available online.
your enrolment information, results and fees will be available online.
your ideas are discussed depending on your seminar or tutorial.
your ideas are sophisticated in seminars and tutorials.
your lowest grade has been eliminated from the calculation.
your lowest quiz grade has been omitted from the calculations.
your statistical information depends on your raw data.
your summary should be as clear and concise as possible.
your summary should be as clear and precise as possible.
your task is to create demand for the product.
your thesis must have a fairly large scope.
your thesis should have a fairly limited scope.
your tutor is there for help, so do ask if you don't understand anything.
your watch is fast, you need to reset it.