i think it’s a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
i think it's a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
even if you have used cosmetics for years without problems, one or more ingredients can still trigger an allergic reaction.
a lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
trade financing for the local market or the international market for exports begin from the first stop at the banks.
this brought about the tremendous change in the environment, with the sea level rising and creeping steadily inland.
some people regarded this as eyewash whereas some people asked for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
if you need any information about the university, you can check from information office located beside the corridor.
americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproductive development in quantitative terms.
spending quality time together is important for most families but unfortunately, it's not always possible to do so.
some people regarded this as eye wash whereas some people ask for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
our university has strong partnerships with industry as well as collaborative relationships with government bodies.
if you need any information about the university, you can check the information office located beside the corridor.
at night, sailors in the mediterranean can see the glow from the fiery molten material that is thrown into the air.
i will start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
not everyone wants to keep in touch with their old school friends when they leave school, but i would like to.
i’ll start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
i'll start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
the resident's hall is closed prior to the closing time of the academic building at the end of the semester.
there are several reasons for this lack of interest in corporate crime, compared with other types of crime.
export trade finance companies or agencies also provide information and support for export working capital.
the search for universal explanations plays an important role in the development of archaeological theory.
law is beneficial to investors by protecting their rights and avoiding any improper actions in the market.
the technology they introduced meant that metal and leather goods were produced there for the first time.
do analysts really think the producing energy is largely responsible for current environmental problems?
do analysts really think the producing energy is largely responsible for current environmental problems.
americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproduction in quantitative terms.
during the next few centuries, london became one of the most powerful and prosperous cities in europe.
by the way, if you want more information about any of the trips, have a look in the student newspaper.
then we go for ones where we know there're guided tours, because this gives good focus for the visit.
marketing involves many activities, including doing research, developing products and promoting them.
i look in my closet for something to wear, but i couldn't find anything appropriate for the occasion.
the residence hall is closed prior to the academic building closing time at the end of the semester.
many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education's online learning resources.
an interesting feature ofthe show is that the performers are so young-the youngest is only fourteen.
you must read the supplementary materials as the professor has a habit of asking questions from it.
the leading companies have changed their policies and procedures after their reports were released.
students do better when they interact with others with completely different perspectives on things.
before you hear the rest of the talk you'll have some time to look at questions fourteen to twenty.
many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education online learning resources.
in front of us is the car park as you can see and to the left, by the entry gate is the gift shop.
they look at the health needs of the local community and develop plans to set priorities locally.
the teacher required students to attend a ceremony held in the playground in the summer vacation.
organic food is grown without applying chemicals and the process is without artificial additives.
if she doesn’t speak the language, she’s not going to sit around a week waiting for a translator.
unfortunately, their immune systems were not strong enough to fight off common earthly bacteria.
the café will close soon but you can still access the snack machine which is running over night.
student residential hall is very close to the academic building, which is in a walking distance.
accountancy students probably have a good understanding of economics, statistics and psychology.
students are required to have an undergraduate degree in biology to be enrolled in this course.
due to the rising demand for courses, the university should also increase their academic staff.
when we are stressed, our skin releases a natural chemical, a hormone, that repels mosquitoes.
when the demand for the course rose, university authorities took on additional academic staff.
the smart city is an idea that has captured the imagination of governments all over the world.
the seminar papers should be submitted in the main office which is located behind the library.
only those who are over eighteen years of age are eligible to open a bank account in our bank.
climate change is becoming an acceptable phenomenon amongst the group of reputable scientists.
an extra lecture is about to be scheduled at the end of this week to assist you with revision.
a demonstrated ability to write clear, correct and concise english is to write a bibliography.
we’ve decided to ask you to write four short pieces of hand-written coursework this semester.
to start your visit, i'm just going to give you a brief account of the history of the museum.
the prosperity of the united states can be described as the consequences of its open exports.
in the last few weeks, we’ve been looking at various aspects of the social history of london.
in the last few weeks, we've been looking at various aspects of the social history of london.
i'm not sure really. most research is beneficial but some can be unethical or even dangerous.
i just want to let you know that i think you’re the most beautiful woman that i’ve ever seen.
when we are stressed, our skin releases a natural chemical, hormone, that repels mosquitoes.
those students seeking formal extension should talk to their faculties for more information.
there is a limited amount of departmental funding which is available for qualified students.
the undergraduate students are teaching with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays directly following the freshman induction seminar.
please note that the substantial deadlines are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances.
our food supply now contains so much added sugar that our metabolic systems can't handle it.
new shores were formed and totally different creatures would have washed up onto the shores.
in addition to the course's requirements, students must pass the qualification examinations.
generally, consumers trust friends more than commercial information, such as advertisements.
they can tutor other students who need help for the preparation of the course and the test.
the undergraduates students are taught with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
the trip for the professional training will start soon, so, pack the items before we leave.
the trial experiment is to increase the interests of the issue and the jurisdiction clause.
the initial results are intriguing; however, statistically speaking they are insignificant.
the café house is closed down and the snack machine is still running (throughout the night)
studies suggest there may be a correlation between educational achievement and family size.
psychology relies on scientific methods to investigate questions and arrive at conclusions.
overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the daily life of the majority of the population.
organic food is grown without applying chemicals and the possesses no artificial additives.
often, the point of that advertisements is to raise awareness rather than give information.
life expectancy and infant mortality rate are two of the best indicators of overall health.
if she doesn't speak the language, she's not going to sit around and wait for a translator.
gravity is extraordinarily weak and nearly impossible to study directly at a quantum level.
electronic devices can help students to complete their assignments faster than ever before.
during an official ceremony, a memorandum of understanding was signed by the academic dean.
the undergraduate students are taught with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
the trip for the professional training will start soon, so pack the items before we leave.
the library has a number of collections of historical and social statistical publications.
the interaction of climate change and soil degradation will probably aggravate conditions.
the country suffered a series of invasions by tribes from present-day germany and denmark.
the context is basically the background of framework surrounding the act of communication.
students with enquiries about this term’s time tables must speak to the tutor immediately.
establishing and retaining intellectual leadership clearly takes strong management skills.
at the end of the ice age there would have been enormous changes in animal and plant life.
almost every representative of a new idea has to struggle and suffer similar difficulties.
advertisements have to appeal to people of different ages, socioeconomic groups and sexes.
you will probably need to find the nearest post-office to be able to access that service.
you can find the students service desk located on the ground floor of the whole building.
when everyone commits to looking after their health, soft drinks will not be on the menu.
we support to do research in the field of archaeology such as forecasting and estimation.
we support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forecasting.
there is absolutely no archaeological evidence to prove that alexander the great existed.
the country suffered a series of invasion by tribes from present-day germany and denmark.
the cafe house is closed down but the snack machine will be running throughout the night.
statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on the circumstances.
some teenagers in my school are not very well-behaved but fortunately all my friends are.
remember, the prestigious election of student membership has strict eligibility criteria.
our school of arts and technology accepts applications at all points throughout the year.
in the top left corner is the grinding shop, where the tools were sharpened and finished.
if she doesn't speak the language, she's not going to sit around a week for a translator.
we’ve decided to ask you to write four short pieces of written coursework this semester.
the website interface represents the stimulus that influence consumer’s decision making.
the website interface represents the stimulus that influence consumer's decision making.
the psychology department is looking for volunteers to be involved in research projects.
the elective course introduces engineering students to construct practices and concepts.
the chief industries are weaving, leather making, dying and working in iron and pottery.
submitting your group assignment must be issued punctually by one of your group members.
students should take the advantage of the online resources before attending the lecture.
some people think that having a child is not a major responsibility but obviously it is.
recession triggers creativity and high rates of entrepreneurship due to past experience.
practicing time-restricted eating a few times a week could be both feasible and healthy.
please sort and order the slides of the presentation according to topic and speech time.
people with an active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have a major illness.
people get product information from advertisements, friends, family and product reviews.
our fundamental realities, especially national needs, have seen the ability to flourish.
it's a difficult one.if you start prohibiting some research, where do you draw the line?
it is argued that students can learn more in collaborative rather than individual study.
expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates.in a job interview.
expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates in a job interview.
economy of scale is the increase in efficiency that occurs when more goods are produced.
answering this/such complex question with a simple yes or no is (absolutely) impossible.
and in that regard, as well as in other regards, it stands as an important contribution.
while reconciliation is desirable, the basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
we are also going to be more prescriptive about what you focus on in your presentation.
the mismatch between the intended and reported uses of the instrument has become clear.
the hypothesis on the black hole is rendered moot as the explanation for the explosion.
several copies must be supplied to the university department to fulfil the requirement.
scientific developments often cause lots of problems so sometimes they're not worth it.
overcrowding, poor sanitary affected the daily lives of the majority of the population.
our food supply now contains too much sugar that our metabolic system cannot handle it.
it is argued that students can learn more in collaborative rather than individual task.
in this library, the reserve collection of books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
in consultation with your supervisor, your thesis is approved by the faculty committee.
i would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house.
higher numbers of patients were infected than during previous outbreaks of the illness.
final year business students have to write a five-thousand-word essay on market trends.
during times of change they should be thinking not only about the strain on their staff
during the 19th century , immigrants and urban political machines helped in the voting.
critics want the government to take this one stage further and ban the film altogether.
academics need to go outside the university gates and communicate with ordinary people.
when bad drove out good, the local workers were more difficult than their competitors.
what distinguishes him from others is the dramatic use of black and white photography.
we want to attract the very best students regardless of their financial circumstances.
university departments carefully monitored articles and other publications by faculty.
undergraduates may need to pursue some specific interests within the specific program.
those who seek for formal extension should contact their faculty for more information.
the university has a lot of travel scholarships available that students can apply for.
the research looked at the neighborhood cooperative schemes such as community gardens.
the development in the information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
the current and conventional method has many disadvantages including the side effects.
the cafe will close soon but you can use the snack machine which is running overnight.
scientists recognized the different ice types according to the water molecule content.
rather unfortunately, ads sometimes give misleading information rather than informing.
proteins constitute at least thirty percent of the total mass of all living organisms.
practicing time-restricted eating a few times a week can be both feasible and healthy.
overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the lives of the majority of the population.
mechanical evolution became a predominant phenomenon during the industrial revolution.
anyone who has a problem with their accommodation should speak to the welfare officer.
a hundred years ago, albert einstein first published his theory of general relativity.
while concealing ideas is desirable, basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
what is the most effective way of interaction between teachers and students in class?
university departments should carefully monitor articles and publications by faculty.
undergraduate students can select what interests them most in the scientific program.
this argument relies on huge advances in computer translation and speech recognition.
there may be financial concerns in the research, for example, funding considerations.
the shipwreck of this year ruined some artifacts which were interested by historians.
the most striking thing about this budget of a smartphone cannot be seen on its face.
the characteristics of the newly discovered insects match the ones we have on record.
the artists tied with the conservative politicians earned their own roles of critics.
students with queries about this term timetables must speak to the tutor immediately.
residence hall is closed prior to the academic building closing time in the semester.
public perception about biotechnology is crucial for developing scientific consensus.
proteins constitute at least thirty percent of the total mass of all living organism.
please switch off all electronic devices when you are attending a conference session.
please note, submission deadlines are only negotiable in an exceptional circumstance.
people with active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have a major illness.
many undergraduate students go back home to stay with their parents after graduation.
his objection to include scientific evidence has brought a lot of controversy to him.
electric cars are the future of transportation as they promise a cleaner environment.
critics want the government to take this one stage further and ban the film together.
climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among a group of reputable scientists.
all industries can be thought of as a system of input, process, output, and feedback.
we’re constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture closer together.
we've decided to ask you to write four short pieces of written coursework this year.
we are constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
university departments carefully monitor articles and other publications by faculty.
undergraduate students may pursue their specific interests within specific programs.
there's been far more research on conventional crime and far more data is available.
the terms of illnesses and diseases are often confused despite the clear differences
the researchers are disappointed that their materials are proved to be inconclusive.
the renewable energy alternatives were the main aspect of debate during the meeting.
the reconciliation is important, the basic underlying issue must be first addressed.
the course covers architecture planning and construction on the international scale.
students should take advantage of the online resources before attending the lecture.
students are afraid of writing an essay, because they have learned nothing about it.
rivers provide habitats and migration pathways to fish and numerous aquatic species.
organizational failure is considered in various perspectives in academic literature.
one of the salient features of academic writing is the tendency to use formal words.
it is quite clear that the rising prosperity does not make people feel more content.
his objection to include scientific evidence has brought a lot of criticisms to him.
he was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
electronic devices can help students to complete their assignments than ever before.
certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by a logical deduction.
applications for the course preferably have a preference over english or journalism.
while reconciliation is desirable, basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
we’re constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
unfortunately, the two most interesting economics selections clash on my timetable.
to answer such a complex question with a simple yes or no is absolutely impossible.
there will be a conference here next summer on using the web for academic research.
there are varying approaches to plagiarism across different university departments.
the university supplies a number of scholarships for those who have specific goals.
the theme of the instrumental work exhibited more of a demure, compositional style.
the research looked at neighbourhood cooperative schemes such as community gardens.
the due date is cancelled, because they found many issues in the project structure.
the cafeteria closes soon but the snack machine is accessible throughout the night.
the archaeologist’s new discoveries stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
the archaeologist's new discoveries stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
scientists learned through the observations and the analysis of the human behaviour
scientists learned through the observations and the analysis of the human behavior.
please note, submission deadlines are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances.
people with active lifestyles are less likely to die early or have major illnesses.
i look for the day when a billion planets are populated with a billion people each.
he was clearly saying that his neighbours always helped him in his difficult times.
genetic and biochemical analyses have generated a detailed portfolio of mechanisms.
even in big companies, some bad decisions have been attributed to group conformity.
do you think new developments in science often cause more problems than they solve?
create a playlist of your favorite music to help you relax in difficult situations.
applications for the course preferably have a preference over english or journalism
accounting students should have a good understanding of profit and loss statements.
unlike the other store, where it can take up to 14 days, this will only be a week.
this module develops our understanding of the theory behind advertising campaigns.
there are many concerns about the research, for example, financial considerations.
the university is willing to join the joint research efforts of the local council.
the theme of the instrumental work exhibits more of a demure, compositional style.
the study showed that people's mood could be affected by news and weather reports.
the quality of our accommodation is high, but it is still affordable for students.
the participation rate in the study of language learning exceeded the expectations
the office opens on mondays and thursdays directly following the freshman seminar.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays directly follow the freshman categories.
the modern approach to the problem is to stress the symbolic side of human nature.
the hypothesis on black hole is rendered moot as the explanation of the explosion.
the glimpse of dipping into this as a hobby is an enormously rewarding experience.
the future of english is in the hands of countries where non-native speakers live.
the development in information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
students are held accountable for adhering to the established community standards.
some students find true or false questions are harder than short answer questions.
rising inflation means increasing goods prices and decreasing demand for products.
parents are financially responsible for their children until they reach adulthood.
opposition to the government tax policies are wide spread across business sectors.
next year i'm planning to take a sabbatical so that i can travel to south america.
much of his research objectives are driven by his natural curiosity and instincts.
meeting with mentors can be scheduled for students who require additional support.
many students find true or false questions are harder than short answer questions.
many of his research objectives are driven by his natural curiosity and instincts.
industries now bring more job opportunities than agriculture and fishing combined.
i think it’s really difficult for an englishman to imitate a real american accent.
higher fees make students think more critically about what universities can offer.
everyone wanted to meet the artist and discussed the work they were interested in.
elephants spend some of their sleeping time standing up and some of it lying down.
children, for example, are often exposed to negative role models at peer pressure.
certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by logical deduction.
by changing the body positions, we can actually express our thoughts and feelings.
biographical information should be removed before the publication of the results..
before electric lighting adults generally slept about nine or ten hours per night.
artists, other than politicians, played their own roles as critics of the culture.
any text or references you make should be cited appropriately in the bibliography.
although sustainable development is not easy, it is an unavoidable responsibility.
all students on engineering courses spent one year working on the wall experience.
all of our accommodations are within a walking distance to the academic buildings.
after she lost her job she couldn't afford to feed her dogs so she gave them away.
accountant students should have a good understanding of profit and loss statement.
weather patterns have been changed significantly over the past two hundred years.
we would like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
we divide our class into two groups. you come with me, the rest should stay here.
we aim to develop the partnership with the government and financial institutions.
unfortunately, the two most interesting economic selection clash on my timetable.
those who seek for formal extension should contact their faculty for information.
this science fiction novel uses inventions of better space to create the setting.
the researchers are disappointed that their results are proved to be inconclusive
the library is located at the other side of the campus behind the student center.
the health center is situated at the corner of the university behind the library.
the findings of researchers are focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
the finding shows that dark chocolate can improve your immunity, mood and health.
technologies on biotechnology is of crucial importance in the project developing.
read the student safety instructions before using any equipment in the workshops.
philosophers used logic and reasons to analyze the human behaviors or experiences
our capacity to respond to national needs will determine our ability to flourish.
most animals have triangular vocal cords, but the lion's mighty pipes are square.
marine environment has been destroyed by pollution and unsustainable development.
it is clear that there is little accurate documentation in support of this claim.
in this library, reserved collection books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
higher fees cause the student to look more critically at what universities offer.
foods containing too much sugar and calories have little or no nutritional value.
by clicking this button, you agree with the terms and conditions of this website.
biographical information should be removed before the publication of the results.
applicants for the course probably have a preference over english or journalism .
answering this complex question with a simple yes or no is absolutely impossible.
all industries can be thought of a system as input, process, output and feedback.
accounting students should have good understanding of profit and loss statements.
a study shows that the people’s mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
a study shows that the people's mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
you should include your name and identification number on the registration form.
with the development of technology, something brings a lot of benefits to the us
when the court pronounces the sentence, the judge will see if she is regretting.
when sentencing, the court will depend on whether the criminal is guilty or not.
today, we will be discussing the role of the government in preventing injustice.
those seeking for formal extension should contact their faculty for information.
there is a strict eligibility criterion to undertake background speaker studies.
the wheelchair gradewalk to russell falls is the most popular track in the park.
the study showed that people’s mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
the study showed that people's mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
the school should be spending all that money to construct a new science library.
the most striking thing about this budget smartphone cannot be seen on its face.
the lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policies in the united states.
the leading scientists speculate that numerous planets could support life forms.
the health center is situated at the corner of the university behind the library
the first commercial advertising was built up on the island relatively recently.
the findings of researchers are focused on the cause of diseases and treatments.
the fertile plains in the east of the region provide excellent land for farming.
the facts you have gone out with such infinite trouble were in failure to pinch.
the course comprises twenty hours of lectures, seminars and tutorials each week.
the artists other than politicians earned credits of their own roles as critics.
the artistic ties to the conservative politicians earned their roles of critics.
the artistic ties to conservative politicians earned their own roles of critics.
the article considered the leisure habits of teenagers in rural areas or places.
students will not be given credits for assignments submitted after the due date.
students must attend the safety course before entering the engineering workshop.
politicians and marketing professionals have a good understanding of persuasion.
please remember to bring a highlighter and your textbook to class next thursday.
please note that the college laboratories will be closed for cleaning next week.
opposition to the government tax policies is widespread across business sectors.
once more under the pressure of economic necessity, practice outstripped theory.
many of my friends say they want to leave home to study overseas but i wouldn't.
it was a groundbreaking discovery, but they had to pay a very high price for it.
it is obligatory for companies to provide details of their industrial processes.
it is interesting to observe the development of the language skills of toddlers.
in this library, reserve collection books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
in addition to the requirements, students must pass the qualifying examinations.
if you want to receive the reimbursement, you must submit the original receipts.
i will now demonstrate how the reaction can be arrested by adding a dilute acid.
few people now are skeptical about alternative power sources such as wind power.
fees, results, and schedules will be available online on the university website.
below the heating controls in the middle, there is a small round plastic button.
before submitting your dissertation, your advisor must approve your application.
and in this regard, as well as in other regards this consideration is important.
a lot of agricultural workers came to the east end to look for alternative work.
a key feature in drug development is examination of the pharmacological effects.
you should include your name and identification number in the application form.
you need to finish the reporting of the chapter before going to the field trip.
you need to finish the reporting of the chapter before going on the field trip.
you can have student discount in many campus stores including the coffee house.
when the court announces the sentence, the judge will see if she is regretting.
what distinguishes him from others is that he used black and white photography.
we are more able to accommodate postgraduate students than previously possible.
we aim to develop a partnership with the government and financial institutions.
undergraduates may pursue their specific interests within certificate programs.
tuesday’s lecture on social psychology will now take place in the central hall.
tuesday's lecture on social psychology will now take place in the central hall.
try to work with each other to build up a sense of cooperation and team spirit.
this year we are applying to use a different type of assessment on this module.
this is a chance to take a risk, try something new and something that you like.
the us ranks the twenty-second in foreign aid, given it as a percentage of gdp.
the university has a number of travel scholarships that students can apply for.
the research on cyclone tropical forest are forecasting the weather conditions.
the recent technical advances have not only been big, they have also been fast.
the qualification will be assessed by using a conference criterion to approach.
the process is simple, just call them or ask for a representative to guide you.
the negative discourse continues to be predominant in discussions about gender.
the genetic biology technology lab is located at the north wing of the library.
the generic biology technology lab is located in the north wing of the library.
the generic biology technology lab is located at the north wing of the library.
the course comprises twenty hours of lectures, seminars and tutorials per week.
the artists tied with the conservative politicians earned the roles of critics.
surprisingly, some people actually enjoy watching advertisements on television.
student concession cards need to be obtained by completing an application form.
she sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
public speaking is one of the qualities they were seeking among the candidates.
participation rate in the study of language learning exceeded the expectations.
our class is divided into two groups; you come with me and the other stay here.
organic food is growing without applying chemicals and no artificial additives.
one of the hardest things about starting university is finding your way around.
nowadays, persuasion is an important area of research within social psychology.
mutually exclusive events can be described as either complementary or opposite.
most of the scientists disagreed to discuss the size and the levels of society.
mechanical engineering first became prominent during the industrial revolution.
market research surveys might be given by telephone, the internet or in person.
in english, the first letters of the months of the year are always capitalized.
enrollment in classes is supposed to be completed via university records system
during some stages of sleep, your eyes move rapidly behind your closed eyelids.
could you please pass the handouts along to the rest of the people in your row.
biographical information should be removed prior to the publication of results.
before submitting your dissertation your advisor must approve your application.
any text or references you make should be cited appropriately in the footnotes.
an archaeologist's new discovery stands out in previous overlooked foundations.
you should pre-select three to four courses that you are interested in taking.
you are supposed to provide your research efforts to your project coordinator.
we provide a wide range of courses to undergraduate and postgraduate students.
via agreement with government, a fast food company restricted its advertising.
very little of the work of today’s knowledge firm is repetitive or mechanical.
there is an important difference between mass production and batch production.
there are varying plagiarism policies across different university departments.
the well-known economist was supposed to reread the subscription before eight.
the undergraduates need some specific resources to analyze a specific problem.
the study shows that there are positive connections between the two variables.
the student welfare officer can help you with questions about exam techniques.
the sports team members often practice on weekdays and play games on weekends.
the result of the study underscored the discoveries from the early detections.
the placement test for mathematics and statistics is offered in this semester.
the lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policy in the united states.
the books are filled with drawings of machines invented when he was a student.
the atmosphere is very important to our lives, and we can not live without it.
students were instructed to stand in a straight line outside of the classroom.
students are held accountable for adhering to established community standards.
some students find true-or-false questions harder than short answer questions.
sociology policies are the sources of the government to solve social problems.
since the problems we face are global, we need to find the relative solutions.
research has found that there is no correlation between diet and intelligence.
please note that the college laboratory will be closed for cleaning next week.
people often conform during their leisure time as well as in their work hours.
our courses help to improve critical thinking and independent learning skills.
our class will be divided into two groups, you come with me, others stay here.
on behalf of our department, i would like to thank you for your participation.
novelists have a major role to play in reflecting their time to their readers.
novelists have a major role to play in inflecting their time to their readers.
no crop responds more readily than careful husbandry and skillful cultivation.
nearly half of the television outputs are given away for educational programs.
most people dislike advertisements but appear to be influenced by them anyway.
more graduate training is often needed after the university study is finished.
mechanical engineering has become predominant since the industrial revolution.
many students are so scared of writing essays, because they never learned how.
manufacturing now brings more people in than agriculture and fishing combined.
it is very likely that space travel will become popular in the private sector.
international students can get help with locating housing near the university.
information may soon disappear forever as few people read classical languages.
industrial experts will discuss job opportunities in an automatic labor force.
in the winter it gets harsh, but it won’t be an issue since there is a heater.
in our campus, prospective students have access to thirteen college libraries.
hundreds of millions of dollars are spent each year promoting unhealthy foods.
higher numbers of patients were infected during previous outbreaks of illness.
he was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture together.
findings show that cocoa in dark chocolate improves memory, immunity and mood.
detailed analysis of population growth has revealed some alarming predictions.
could you please prepare a medical certificate for me to submit to my manager?
being bilingual is not necessarily having the ability to analyze the language.
an understanding of persuasive techniques should help you recognise their use.
all industries consist of systems as inputs, processes, outputs, and feedback.
after i graduated from college, i spent two years travelling around the world.
a demonstrated ability to write clear, correct and concise english is bigotry.
when sentencing, the courter will depend on if the criminal is guilty or not.
water taps on the campus will discourage the frequent use of plastic bottles.
various measures were proposed which would not have aggravated the situation.
undergraduate students may participate in specific stages within the program.
these have also been found to contribute to the death of many marine animals.
there will be a guest lecturer visiting the psychology department next month.
the whole point of the project was to look at the norm but not the exception.
the university should invest technology methods designed to support learning.
the universities provide excellent leisure facilities for students and staff.
the students have the option to live in the college residences or apartments.
the research was investigating the great impact of gender on social attitude.
the problems that science solves far outweigh the problems that it may bring.
the leading companies changed their policies after the reports were released.
the government is funding research study on the consequences of unemployment.
the competency of the language in the assignment is to use more formal words.
the competency in the language in the assignment is to use more formal words.
the clear evidence between brain events and behavioral events is fascinating.
the australian economy depends heavily on revenue from tourism and education.
students should take advantages of the internet before attending the lecture.
students are so scared of writing essays because they have never learned how.
students are instructed to hand in their assignments by the end of this week.
students are encouraged to read the new books recommended by professor jones.
some people are motivated by competition, while others prefer to collaborate.
some of the worst accidents in history have been linked to sleep deprivation.
since the problems we face are global, we need to find the relative solutions
psychologists use a range of techniques to study the human mind and behavior.
professors with higher educational standard trained them extremely seriously.
people who carry on eating junk food may suffer negative health consequences.
our class is divided into two groups. you come with me, the others stay here.
my parents didn't have a good education so they were determined that i would.
members should make concentrated contributions to associated operating funds.
many vocational courses in the institution are funded by private enterprises.
many people approached and were eager to help, but he didn’t want their help.
make sure the financial director knows the full details of the pay agreement.
lecture outlines are available on the faculty board and the internal website.
knives and forks should be placed next to the spoon on the edge of the table.
is hypothesis on black hole rendered moot as the explanation of astrophysics?
in the past, students were required to complete two long written assignments.
in the past, students were required to complete too long written assignments.
in our campus, prospective students had access to thirteen college libraries.
in english, the first letter of the months of the year is always capitalized.
in ancient times the sheltered harbour attracted travellers at this location.
if you seek for further extension, contact your faculty for more information.
if they find you suitable, they will happily apply for your visa sponsorship.
global connections increased in academic communities, thanks to social media.
freshwater creatures did not appear in the paintings until the modern period.
foods containing overabundant calories supply little or no nutritional value.
even now, scientists still don't know whether animals dream while they sleep.
environmental friendliness is a new category in which campuses are competing.
despite their differences, all forms of lives share the same characteristics.
democracy has continuously offered more stable resources from the government.
assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
artists, other than politicians, played their own role as critics of culture.
artificial intelligence has made significant progress for the last few years.
all industries consist of systems as inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.
after i graduated from college, i spent two years traveling around the world.
a person's educational level is closely related to their economic background.
you must figure out the mathematical problems and apply what you've learned.
you are not allowed to submit your assignments after the due date next week.
we need to read the first five chapters to prepare for next week's tutorial.
university student should purchase the graduation gown for the commencement.
today, we will be discussing the role of government in preventing injustice.
the university provides excellent leisure facilities for students and staff.
the united kingdom is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy.
the undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a specific program.
the undergraduates need some specific sources to analyse a specific program.
the student service center is located on the main campus behind the library.
the research will investigate the great impact of gender on social attitude.
the qualification will be assessed by using a criterion-referenced approach.
the qualification will be assessed by using a conference criterion approach.
the puppets do comedy routines and there is some terrific formation dancing.
the massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument.
the library holds a substantial collection of materials on economic history.
the lecture theatre one is located on the ground floor of the pack building.
the gap between the rich and the poor was not decreased rapidly as expected.
the department has a higher than normal proportion of postgraduate students.
the article illustrates a very large number of very interesting experiments.
students should book a library tour on the first week of the first semester.
students may only use parking cards in authorized university parking spaces.
students are held accountable for adhering to establish community standards.
some people are motivated by competition, while others prefer collaboration.
since the problems we face are global, we need to find the global solutions.
she sold all her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
several candidates will be qualified as the greatest scientists in all time.
rivers provide habitats and migration pathways for numerous aquatic species.
rising inflation rate indicates the increasing demands on consumer products.
renovation work is currently being undertaken throughout the whole building.
read the fitness center instructions before attempting to use the equipment.
one of the salients of academic writing is the tendency to use formal words.
no crop responds more readily to care for husbandry and skilful cultivation.
my siblings and i were waiting for my mother to come back from the hospital.
meeting with tutors could be arranged for students who need additional help.
mechanical engineering has become prominent since the industrial revolution.
many students find true- false questions harder than short answer questions.
lectures are the oldest and the most formal teaching method at universities.
leading scientists speculate that numerous planets could support life forms.
i’ve got a tutorial in an hour and i haven’t had any time to prepare for it.
it is successfully acknowledged that there is a student graduation ceremony.
it is interesting to observe the development of language skills of toddlers.
it is important to validate all assumptions before arriving at a conclusion.
is hypothesis on black hole as rendered moot as explanation of explanations?
industry experts will discuss the job opportunity in an automated workforce.
industry experts will discuss job opportunities in an automatic labor field.
if you want your seminar to be postponed, make sure to get permission first.
i've got a tutorial in an hour and i haven't had any time to prepare for it.
i will check again but i am pretty sure we are supposed to read chapter two.
i think we can all agree that being fluent in two languages is a good thing.
i guess, the only way to make up for all the lost time is by doing overtime.
i don't agree with the author's point of view, but his presentation is good.
he was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the sixteenth century.
freshwater creatures didn't appear in the paintings until the modern period.
educational level is found to be related to social and economic backgrounds.
during that period, heavy industry grew rapidly in the north of the country.
applicants for the course preferably have a degree on english or journalism.
applicants for the course preferably have a degree in english or journalism.
animals raised in captivity behave differently than their wild counterparts.
animals raised in captivity behave differently from their wild counterparts.
all writers are consciously or unconsciously representing their own culture.
adverts might use humor, drama or catchy slogans to grab people's attention.
academic libraries across the world are steadily incorporating social media.
a series of lectures which were shown to us in economics have been recorded.
you need to contact us regarding the weekly availability of the telescopes.
we like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
very little of the work of today's knowledge firm is repetitive mechanical.
undergraduates pursue their interests in special stages within the program.
these words recognized the excellence of undergraduates' research projects.
there is a significant difference between theory and practice of education.
there is a significant difference between theory and practice in education.
there are more opportunities to receive the grants in most artistic fields.
the us ranks twenty-second in foreign aid, given it as a percentage of gdp.
the university's main library will be open till midnight until next monday.
the university is dedicated to providing quality education to all students.
the treasure hunters were willing to take any risks to get to the location.
the test selected materials from all chapters in this course this semester.
the results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detections.
the quality of life is an important measure on which the cities are ranked.
the plan is to phase out all cars with internal combustion engines by 2050.
the financial report for the last quarter will be available this afternoon.
the english and journalism degree has certain placements in the third year.
the date of the invention of the first clock was disputed among historians.
the celebrated professor contributed several innovative ideas to the field.
the campus tour will help you to get familiar with the teaching facilities.
students are encouraged to think carefully about their accommodation needs.
student concession cards can be obtained by completing an application form.
social policies describe the ways in which the society meets human's needs.
rivers provide habitat and migration pathways for numerous aquatic species.
rising inflation may indicate the increasing demands for consumer products.
politicians can make better decisions if they listen to the public opinion.
please note the college laboratories will be closed for cleaning next week.
please have copies of your seminar papers in the library a week in advance.
parents try to influence their children by using toys and other incentives.
our university accommodation has a volleyball team for students to join in.
our courses help improve critical thinking and independent learning skills.
newspapers across the country have been reporting stories of the president.
negative discourse continues to be predominant in discussions about gender.
knife and fork should be placed next to the spoon on the edge of the table.
it’s the words of common occurrence that have different referential values.
it's unusual that the university should offer only one anthropology course.
it is clear that little accurate documentation is in support of this claim.
i would like an egg and tomatoes on white sandwich bread with orange juice.
i would like a cheese and tomato sandwich on white bread with orange juice.
i think we should get together over the weekend to discuss this assignment.
i am wondering if cell phones are actually just as dangerous as cigarettes.
i am pleased to report that many topics have been involved in this lecture.
global connections thrived in academic communities, thanks to social media.
for any written assignment, a detailed literature review must be performed.
for any written assignment, a detailed literature review is very important.
even with the permit, finding a parking spot on campus is still impossible.
eight groups need to submit the outlines of their projects to their tutors.
during that period heavy industry grew rapidly in the north of the country.
doctoral writings have the structure in place as well as scientific papers.
despite the differences, all forms of lives share the same characteristics.
care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups during the periods of turmoil.
being a student representative on the union really cuts into my study time.
before architecture was invented, people used to live in underground houses
artificial intelligence has made significant progress in the last few years
all of the assignments should be submitted in person to the faculty office.
a person's educational level is closely related to his economic background.
a new report outlines ways in which cities should address transport issues.
you should include your name and identity number in the registration form.
you should include these two pictures from the lecture in your assignment.
you can change your courses on the website during the registration period.
while conceiving ideas is desirable, basic issues must first be addressed.
well, words come out of the culture that they represent and they describe.
we are researching on the most significant challenges we are facing today.
undergraduates may pursue a specific interest within certificate programs.
to get further extension, you need to call the education executive on 401.
these words recognize the excellence of undergraduates' research projects.
there will be ample opportunities to ask questions about the presentation.
there is limited funding in this department to support qualified students.
there is a plan in place for those who have difficulty paying their bills.
there are several reasons for population growth, such as better education.
the student welfare officer can help with questions about exam techniques.
the seminar provides an opportunity to exchange ideas with other students.
the seminar provided an opportunity to exchange ideas with other students.
the results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detection.
the results of the study underscore the discoveries from early detections.
the qualification will be assessed by using criterion-referenced approach.
the newly discovered star was a subject to global debate about its origin.
the library offers group study rooms, so you can work with other students.
the first few sentences of an essay should capture the readers’ attention.
the first few sentences of an essay should capture the readers' attention.
the department has higher than normal proportion of postgraduate students.
the date of the invention of the first clock is disputed among historians.
the commission of fund supported among authorities has raised an argument.
the business development seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
the author expressed an idea that modern readers inevitably cannot accept.
the aesthetic implications of this study have not yet been fully explored.
students requiring for an extension should apply sooner rather than later.
students may only park their cars in authorized university parking spaces.
some vocational courses in institutions are funded by private enterprises.
some people regarded it as care, while others regarded it as recklessness.
sociology policies are the sources of government to solve social problems.
social policy describes the ways in which the society meets human's needs.
remember, the gifts purchased by children should have a striped character.
politicians need to be more proactive when they are addressing the issues.
politicians need to be more practical when they are addressing the issues.
philosophy uses a lot of logic and reasoning to analyze human experiences.
new developments in manufacturing are constantly changing the way we live.
native speakers are exempt from the language tests in their own languages.
modern thanksgiving was first officially established in all states in 1863
members should make mandatory contributions to associated operating funds.
medical researchers have focused on the different treatments and diseases.
medical researchers have focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
measuring personal experience of happiness is easier than you would think.
it’s the words of common occurrence that have different referential value.
it was impossible for me to make an arrangement of pick-up on given dates.
it was hard to anticipate all the different characters that were in react.
it is really a comprehensive program that covers both theory and practice.
industry experts will discuss the opportunities in an automated workforce.
in any written assignment, a detailed literature review is very important.
if you need additional help, please visit the university resources center.
if you are unable to complete the task in time, please notify me by email.
i would like tomato and cheese sandwiches on white bread and orange juice.
i don't like cheese and tomato sandwiches on white bread and orange juice.
food containing too many calories supplies little or no nutritional value.
food containing too many calories provides little or no nutritional value.
cosmetics and plastic surgery often evokes images of famous personalities.
companies’ projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
companies' projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
clinical placement in nursing prepares students for professional practice.
climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among reputable scientists.
assignments should be submitted to the general office before the deadline.
arteries carry oxygenated blood from the heart to other parts of the body.
an academic essay uses references from both primary and secondary sources.
advertisements can occur in unusual places, even in the sea or in the sky.
a world-renowned expert of financial management will give a guest lecture.
a full list of bibliography is needed at the end of all filed assignments.
your tutor is there for help, so do ask if you don't understand anything.
you must figure out the mathematical problems and apply what you learned.
you can find a lot more references information on the university website.
when workers ask for an increase in wages, the company raises its prices.
try to explain how your ideas are linked so that there is a logical flow.
this course provides the opportunity to get valuable industry experience.
there are a variety of different ways to present statistical information.
the whole point of the project was to look at the norm not the exception.
the very basic definition of computing would be counting and calculation.
the university main library will be open till midnight until next monday.
the university is working towards being more environmentally sustainable.
the research paper should begin with a thorough review of the literature.
the portfolio is due to the internal review office no later than tuesday.
the massive accumulation of data is converted to a communicable argument.
the first commercial airport was built on the island relatively recently.
the department works closely with its partners in the business community.
the career service provides suggestions on how to pass the job interview.
the capacity of programming computers is expanding enormously every year.
the author's previous works are more philosophical and less experimental.
the aesthetic implications of the study have not yet been fully explored.
students who wish to join the summer camp, should enroll by this weekend.
students who wish to apply for an extension should approach their tutors.
some vocational courses at institution are funded by private enterprises.
some economists argue that the entire financial system is fatally flawed.
remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the lecture hall.
participants are initially collected from a range of foundation subjects.
most scientists believe that climate change threatens lives on the earth.
medical researchers have focused on the cause of diseases and treatments.
managing the increasing population is the challenge for most governments.
making sure you have saved all the files before turning off the computer.
lecture outlines are available on the faculty board and internal website.
leading company changed their policies after their reports were released.
it is really a comprehensive program comprising both theory and practice.
implementation figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
if you are unable to complete the task in time please notify me by email.
i've had a very happy childhood so i sometimes forget that others haven't
i didn't agree with the author’s argument, but his presentation was good.
how much time did you spend on doing research before you started writing?
globalization has been an overwhelming urban and urbanization phenomenon.
employment opportunities available in engineering are increasing rapidly.
due to rising for courses, universities should increase their staff, too.
doctor green's office has been moved to the second floor of the building.
distance learning allows you to develop a career around your commitments.
companies need to satisfy customers’ needs if they want to be successful.
companies need to satisfy customers' needs if they want to be successful.
clinical placement in nursing prepares students for professional practice
city planners recognize the needs of accessible public transport options.
charles used to ride the bus to town, but now his roommate drives him in.
can you help me complete this new questionnaire that university asks for?
below the heating controls in the middle is a small round plastic button.
being bilingual does not mean having the ability to analyze the language.
before the refrigerator was invented, people used underground ice houses.
australian economy depends heavily on revenue from tourism and education.
assignments should be submitted to the department office before deadline.
as a student union member, we can influence the change of the university.
are you supposed to complete the assignment without any help from others?
all of the assignments must be submitted in person to the faculty office.
a massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument
a good architecture one structure should be useful durable and beautiful.
you need to change your username and password, as soon as we recover it.
you don’t need to have specialist knowledge to be able to read the book.
you don’t have to be on professor smith’s course to attend this lecture.
you don't need to have specialist knowledge to be able to read the book.
you don't have to be on professor smith's course to attend this lecture.
we help students to develop their individuals and follow their interest.
usually but not always, reviews provided unbiased source of information.
tomorrow's lunch time seminar on nuclear engineering has been postponed.
tomorrow's lecture will discuss educational policy in the united states.
this small indian state is a land of forests, valleys and snowy islands.
this is how we deliver health care to millions of people over the world.
there have been long streams of extreme weather throughout human history
there are opportunities to receive the grants from most artistic fields.
there are a wide variety of disciplines within the field of engineering.
the university supplies a number of scholarships for qualified students.
the university library holds a number of collections of geological maps.
the university has invested in the new technology designed for learning.
the tutor is there for help, so do ask if you don't understand anything.
the trial is to increase the interest of the issue and the jurisdiction.
the politics combine both the legislative and the political authorities.
the number of students registering for post graduate research has risen.
the inherent tension between these two features remains to be addressed.
the hardness of the butter is proportional to the softness of the bread.
the faculty staff are very approachable, helpful and extremely friendly.
the faculty staff are very approachable, friendly and extremely helpful.
the current statistical evidence indicates the need of further research.
the contest includes both the land living history and the human history.
the closing date of applications for travel scholarships is next monday.
the castle was designed to intimidate both local people and the enemies.
the campus tour will help you get familiar with the teaching facilities.
the aerial photographs were promptly registered for thorough evaluation.
students should have an awareness of how the business develops globally.
some of the vocational courses are provided by many private enterprises.
robert frost thinks the rural area is livable for people in new england.
reference of material is held in the hall of the library reference desk.
read the safety instructions before using any equipment in the workshop.
read safety instructions before using the equipment during the workshop.
please register your student email account at your earliest convenience.
please read the first five chapters to prepare for next week's tutorial.
please make sure your applications are following the guideline provided.
philosophy uses a lot of logics and reasons to analyze human experience.
our company is intended to hire more than ten thousand people worldwide.
it is of interest to most students to take experiential learning course.
it is necessary to solve the equation to determine the unknown variable.
it is important to take gender into account when discussing the figures.
it is good for the environment, and also good for your electricity bill.
internet provides unusual opportunities for students and current events.
industry experts will discuss the opportunities in an optimal workforce.
hypothetically, insufficient mastery in the areas slows future progress.
here in this area, you shouldn't find any huge social problems nowadays.
even during leisure time you can hear attempts to persuade or influence.
essays with few or no citations will raise the concern of the lecturers.
don’t forget to take the library tour in the first week of the semester.
dealing with the growing population is a challenge for many governments.
before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
before choosing your university course, you should consider your career.
basketball was created in 1891 by a physician and a physical instructor.
an architect is required of problem-solving skills and an eye of design.
all medical school students must attend the talk about optional courses.
a massive accumulation of data was converted to a communicable argument.
a group of meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.
your enrollment information, results and fees will be available online.
you should inform your professor if you are absent from your classroom.
you need a valid visa letter from the department to join the workforce.
when launching a product, researching and investing are very important.
we are not going to accept the assignment after the due date on friday.
tomorrow's lunchtime seminar on nuclear engineering has been postponed.
those who are considering a career of marketing should attend the talk.
this process has enabled the rational identification of core machinery.
there are some laboratories that are closed due to the lack of funding.
the university officer will help you locate housing and transportation.
the tutor is there to help, so do ask if you don’t understand anything.
the students were instructed to submit their assignments before friday.
the school's summer programs help students to accelerate their studies.
the real reason for global hunger is not the lack of food, but poverty.
the number of students registering for postgraduate research has risen.
the new hypothesis needs to be tested with a new controlled experiment.
the local government has adopted a plan for infrastructure development.
the first commercial airport was built on the island relative recently.
the coffee house menu features coffee, (chicken,) sandwiches and toast.
the closing date for applications of travel scholarships is next monday
the author's previous works are more theoretical and less experimental.
the aerial photograph is promptly registered for further investigation.
supply and demand is one of the most fundamental concepts in economics.
students would develop confidence on their ability to think critically.
students require undergraduate biology degree to enroll in this course.
students and staff will automatically become a member in their library.
social policies describe the ways in which society meets human's needs.
several candidates were graded as the greatest scientists of all times.
quality of life is an important measure on which the cities are ranked.
politicians need to be proactive when they are addressing these issues.
please follow the guidelines for more information on setting the goals.
physiology is the study of internal and external structure of the body.
participation rate on studying language learning exceeded expectations.
our professor is hosting the economic development conference next week.
our professor is hosting the business development conference next week.
next time, we will discuss the influence of the media on public policy.
make sure you have saved all the files before turning off the computer.
make sure you choose a course that provides great career opportunities.
it was hard to anticipate how all the different characters would react.
it is really a comprehensive program covering both theory and practice.
international exchanges formed the important part of our study program.
interim results will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
inflation affects the demand, pricing and consumption of most products.
i really don't think so.scientists should be free to do what they like.
he was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the 16th century.
glass is not a real solid, because it doesn’t have a crystal structure.
for the purpose of the research, data should be collected and analysed.
financial support can be offered to help pay your fees and other costs.
fees are heavily discounted, and bursaries are available for delegates.
collaboration between departments is a feature of successful companies.
care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups in the times of infection.
another is an electric bus with an open bottom for cars to drive under.
although sustainable development is not easy, it is our responsibility.
all writers, consciously or unconsciously, represent their own culture.
all essays and semester papers submitted must be emailed to your tutor.
accommodations on campus are limited but there are more options nearby.
a world-renowned expert on economics and marketing will give a lecture.
a good architectural structure should be usable, durable and beautiful.
39.5% california residents speak a language other than english at home.
your enrolment information, results and fees will be available online.
you will find the economic section on the second floor of the library.
you have to send me your essay in two core and three optional modules.
you can find the student service centre on level one of home building.
you can find the student service center on level one of home building.
when workers ask for higher wages, companies often raise their prices.
when met with high potential risks, companies will raise their prices.
we will see if we can get through this without too many interruptions.
we need to answer security questions if we want to reset the password.
we didn’t have any noticeable variance between the two or three tasks.
we didn't have any noticeable variance between the two or three tasks.
we are not going to accept the assignment after the due day on friday.
tours operate all year round, but the busier dry season runs from may.
those who want to apply for an extension should contact their faculty.
this small indian state is a land of forest valleys and snowy islands.
they have both grown up in the rural areas and dislike the urban life.
there are not many interconnections between philosophy and psychology.
there are lots of people competing for the places in computer courses.
the toughest problem of research for postgraduate students is funding.
the topic for discussion is usually related to the topic for a speech.
the terms illness and disease are confusing despite clear differences.
the relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
the geographic assignment should be submitted by the midday of friday.
the coffee house features sandwiches, salads, soup, chicken, and fish.
the closing date of application for travel scholarship is next monday.
the author’s early works are less philosophical and more experimental.
the author's early works are less philosophical and more experimental.
the artists and conservative publications earn their roles of critics.
the artists and conservative politicians earn their rules of politics.
the amount of sleep that adults need doesn't change as they get older.
supply and demand is one of the most fundamental factors in economics.
students will develop confidence to their ability to think critically.
students have the options to live in college residences or apartments.
statistically speaking, the likelihood of the result is extremely low.
some people suggest a levy on junk food to discourage its consumption.
please visit the website for more information about the opening times.
please return the reference book to the correct position on the table.
please return the reference book to the correct position on the shelf.
philosophy uses the logic and reasons to analyze human and experience.
our company currently employs more than ten thousand people worldwide.
more research is needed before any definitive conclusion can be drawn.
many graduates of journalism can get jobs in the communications field.
it's important that humans dispose of their waste in appropriate ways.
interim grades will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
information is being given to readers in a format that looks familiar.
in some countries, people live in homes made from shipping containers.
i've got a tutorial in an hour and haven't had time to prepare for it.
i think of those leaders who inspire us to go beyond the call of duty.
human beings compete with other living things for resources and space.
half of the marks in mathematics are allocated to the correct working.
first of all, a lot of students don't even know how to type very fast.
fees are heavily discounted and bursaries are available for delegates.
during the second term, you are supposed to submit one essay per week.
dr. green’s office has been moved to the second floor of the building.
copying from the internet threatens to damage your chances of success.
clinical practices in nursing prepare students in practical practices.
classical mechanics is considered as a branch of mathematical physics.
carefully rub contact lenses with your fingers for a thorough cleanse.
biology is the backbone of many specialized courses in the university.
before reading chapter one, you must refer to the lecture notes first.
back in the 1940s and 1950s people were smoking cigarettes frequently.
attracting skilled workers to the city with expensive housing is hard.
assignments should be submitted to the department before the deadline.
all essays and seminar papers submitted must be emailed to your tutor.
according to the law of the gravity, all objects attract to each other
you'll find the economics section on the second floor of the library.
undergraduates may participate in specific stages within the program.
this is the third time you’ve asked for an extension on this project.
this is the third time you've asked for an extension on this project.
they say professor james's lectures are always interesting and funny.
they have both grown up in the rural area and dislike the urban life.
there is a position available for assistant lecturer for mathematics.
there is a position available for a junior lecturer in media studies.
there are varying plagiarism across different university departments.
the university will introduce several new courses in the coming year.
the toughest part of research for undergraduate education is funding.
the summer school programs allow students to summarize their studies.
the summer school program allows students to summarize their studies.
the reception staff provides advice on renting private accommodation.
the garden behind the university is open to the public in the summer.
the business policy seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
students should have awareness of how the business develops globally.
students need to finish their assignments during the next four weeks.
students have the option to live in college residences or apartments.
scientists here are studying a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
scientific beneficiary to space exploration is frequently questioned.
scholarships are available for both local and international students.
protective goggles must be worn in all the university's laboratories.
portfolio is due to the internal review office no later than tuesday.
please write down the name of the author and the year of publication.
please pass the handouts along to the rest of the people in your row.
physics students will do an additional module if their marks are low.
our study program equips students with central skills for university.
our new medical students must attend the talk about optional courses.
next time, we'll discuss the influence of the media on public policy.
newspapers are supported primarily by the sales of advertising space.
native speakers are exempt from language tests in their own language.
native discourse continues to be predominate in discussion of gender.
native discourse continues to be predominant in discussion of gender.
modern poetry often tests the conventions of language and the rhythm.
many privately owned firms have been eaten up by larger corporations.
ladies have the popular forms of entertainments throughout the world.
journalism is the collection and publication or transmission of news.
it's important that people with responsible jobs get plenty of sleep.
in my free time, i would like to read current affairs and newspapers.
in europe, the political pressure is similar regarding globalization.
in any written assignment, a detailed literature review is important.
if your parents come to visit you this semester where will they stay?
if you use anger as a tool too often, people will learn to avoid you.
if you have a driving license, getting a job would be easier for you.
i know how to solve the problem, but i’ve been asked not to tell you.
i know how to solve the problem, but i've been asked not to tell you.
i can't afford to take a gap year unless i can get a job and save up.
historical cities are financially dependent on the tourism as income.
he was not the only one to call for legal reform in the 16th century.
graduates from this field usually pursue careers in financial fields.
globalization often puts more pressure on national economic policies.
geography is generally divided into two branches: human and physical.
generally young children around the world enjoy listening to stories.
factors such as cost and function influence the design of the bridge.
extracurricular activities can help students to develop more talents.
employment figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
don't forget to do a library tour on the first week of your semester.
conferences are always scheduled on the third wednesday of the month.
coastal communities are particularly vulnerable to rising sea levels.
before architecture was invented, humans lived in underground houses.
arts are always connected with political events and ideas of society.
an essay should use evidence from both primary and secondary sources.
an architect requires of problem-solving skills and an eye of design.
an aerial photograph was promptly registered for federal evaluations.
all medical students must clean their hands before entering the room.
absolutely, i don't think anyone should try to interfere with nature.
a study skill semester is on for the students who require assistance.
a scholarship is available for both local and international students.
a group meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.
when meeting high potential risks, companies will raise their price.
we are on track for one billion tobacco related deaths this century.
we are continuing to provide postgraduate online learning resources.
volcanoes have played a key role in forming and modifying the earth.
undergraduates have a wide range of cultural modules to choose from.
tutorials are held for two hours every thursday during the semester.
those students have to retake the module if their marks are too low.
this course considerably emphasizes on the critical thinking skills.
there will be a significant rise in tuition fees starting next year.
there is varying plagiarism across different university departments.
there is not much interconnection between philosophy and psychology.
there is no economic reason why public borrowing is necessarily bad.
there have been many changes recently in the mathematics department.
there have been long streams of extreme weather since human history.
the university theatre group will be performing in the concert hall.
the university provides different facilities for students and staff.
the timetable will be posted on the website before the class starts.
the theatre study course encourages students to exercise creativity.
the theater courses are encouraging students to exercise creativity.
the study of archaeology requires intensive international fieldwork.
the studies showed the hong kong people are the most active in asia.
the students will meet their new teachers after the summer vacation.
the student welfare officer can help students with different issues.
the school of arts and design has an open day on thursday next week.
the reception staff provide advice on renting private accommodation.
the problem with this is that it fails to answer the basic question.
the number of companies bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
the new timetable will be posted on the website before class starts.
the new medical students must attend the talk about optional classes
the new chemistry professor will deliver his first lecture tomorrow.
the library will be closed for 3 days over the bank holiday weekend.
the gap between rich and poor is not decreasing rapidly as expected.
the effective business management is always happened with new ideas.
the director of the gallery was grateful for the anonymous donation.
the course will help students to improve their pronunciation skills.
the commissioner will portion the funds among all the sovereignties.
the coffee house has a special student discount throughout the week.
the books reserved in the library can be borrowed for up to 3 hours.
the agricultural sector in that country has been heavily subsidized.
teenagers more than most age groups feel strong pressure to conform.
teaching assistants will receive a monthly remuneration for housing.
students have freedom to choose the subjects they are interested in.
students are advised that all the lectures today have been canceled.
sport is the cause of traumatic brain injuries in the united states.
spiritualism is defined as a system of belief or religious practice.
science degrees are now offering different levels of specialization.
resources and materials are on hold at the library's reference desk.
researches show that spending time outdoors has a range of benefits.
remember, the prestigious selection has strict eligibility criteria.
relying on natural abilities will not let you go further in science.
put the knife and fork next to the spoon near the edge of the table.
psychologists say what we have experienced influences our behaviors.
proficiency in a foreign language may be demonstrated by assessment.
practical experiments are an essential part of the chemistry course.
politicians need to be more proactive when addressing a given issue.
people have been independent on using phones in their everyday life.
our university theatre group will be performing in the concert hall.
one of the functions of the internal organ is to keep the body warm.
of all the heating and cooling options, central heating is the best.
newspapers are supported primarily by the sale of advertising space.
new materials and techniques are changing the style of architecture.
most food constructions require large amount of water or fertilizer.
measures must be taken to prevent unemployment rate from increasing.
many medical volunteers no longer have access to medical literature.
many health workers think that pensioners are too old to understand.
many graduates studying journalism get jobs in communications field.
many courses in the institution are funded by private entrepreneurs.
many cities are actively working on ways for reducing air pollution.
lots of students had money and passports stolen especially at night.
library reference desks hold a lot of materials on academic history.
in this book, the author discussed the role of cultural differences.
in our university, students have the access to 13 college libraries.
if you forget your password, you need to contact the student center.
if you forget your passport, you need to contact the student center.
if finance is the cause of a concern, scholarships may be available.
i thought the mid-term exam was only worth half of our course grade.
i expect a long and stagnant debate for a week or two on this issue.
hundreds of scientific papers have been published on global warming.
his appointment to economic culture minister was seen as a demotion.
graduates from this course find careers in the financial department.
government policies, though tough, have been a blessing in disguise.
government department was doing some crucial work on climate change.
good educators can recognize the different kinds of learning styles.
food that contains antibiotics provides few or no nutritional value.
first of all, courses are listed on our website before registration.
factor such as cost and function influence the design of the bridge.
education and training provide important skills for the labor force.
don’t forget to do a campus tour on the first week of your semester.
don't forget to do a campus tour on the first week of your semester.
does the college refectory offer vegetarian dishes on a daily basis?
democracy is constantly offering the most stable form of government.
costs can be calculated once the critical path has been established.
children conquer their first language without any conscious efforts.
castle was designed to intimidate both local people and the enemies.
but we have confirmed the date and planned the optional extra visits
basketball was created in 1891 by a physician in physical structure.
babies can distinguish between what is the language and what is not.
archaeologists discovered tools and artifacts near the ancient tomb.
anxiety decreases rapidly when a person has more optimism and faith.
americans have progressively found the growth in quantitative terms.
affordable housing is an important issue for all members of society.
aerial photographs were promptly registered for thorough evaluation.
acupuncture is a technique involved in traditional chinese medicine.
a study skill seminar is on for the students who require assistance.
a number of academics and journalists will gather in the conference.
a group of former students are reminiscing about their college days.
you will need to purchase an academic gown before the commencement.
you must ensure you do not include too much irrelevant information.
when launching a product, researching and marketing are very vital.
when i was in school, i had many of the same problems you have now.
we are so dependent on the computer that we cannot live without it.
urbanization provides emphasis on the expense of other communities.
urban planning emphasizes on efficiency and expansion of community.
traffic is very bad in the evening; therefore, we must leave early.
tours operate all year around, but the busier season runs from may.
this office is highly associated with your academic life in campus.
this advanced course requires a basic knowledge of economic theory.
they say professor james's lectures are always interesting and fun.
there is not much interconnection between philosophy and psychology
there is no much interconnection between philosophy and psychology.
there is no economic recognition that borrowing is necessarily bad.
there is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment
there is a widely believed perception that engineering is for boys.
there is a new pharmacy on the north side of the university campus.
there have been (too) many struggles in the mathematics department.
there are some doubts as to whether these events actually occurred.
there are some doubts about whether these events actually occurred.
the undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a program.
the toughest part of research for postgraduate students is funding.
the topic next week on colonialism will be the nuclear disarmament.
the summer school allows some students to accelerate their studies.
the summer course was cancelled due to insufficient re-enrollments.
the students were instructed to submit their assignments by friday.
the smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution.
the medical centre is located near the supermarket on north street.
the medical center is located near the supermarket on north street.
the majority of the hardware we are using was built for a customer.
the invention of the printing press increases the demand for paper.
the industrial revolution in europe was driven by steam technology.
the gravity is the force that attracts two bodies from one another.
the garden behind the university will open to the public in summer.
the final year will consist of four taught courses and one project.
the drama society is now auditioning for parts in the student play.
the course considerably emphasizes on the critical thinking skills.
the conference is predicted to draw greater numbers than last year.
the college welcomes postgraduate students from all over the world.
the city needs improved infrastructure to attract more investments.
the business plan seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
the british students need to study mathematics in secondary school.
the ability to work with fellow students cannot be stressed enough.
sydney is australia’s largest city, chief port and cultural center.
sydney is australia's largest city, chief port and cultural center.
sugar is a solid carbohydrate which is always used to sweeten food.
sugar is a compound which consists of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
studies show there is a positive correlation between two variables.
students' identification cards will be issued by today or tomorrow.
students who study overseas can significantly improve work chances.
students can download the lecture handouts from the course website.
students can avoid viruses by eating lots of fruits and vegetables.
some methods for clinical applications have been presented as well.
scientific experiments should be repeated in verifying the results.
science degree are now offering different levels of specialization.
scholarship applications must be handed in at the end of the month.
reserved collection of books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
quantitative and temporal parameters of food consumption were used.
psychologists say what we have experienced influences our behaviors
providers of higher education treat plagiarism extremely seriously.
professor clayton donated some of her books to the college library.
please read the first five chapters before the next week’s tutorial
please provide the reports to support your idea of these arguments.
people provide the reports to support your idea of these arguments.
our group is going to meet tomorrow in the library conference room.
nowadays, boys and girls still often conform to gender stereotypes.
my favorite place in my hometown is the main park located downtown.
lots of students had money and passport stolen especially at night.
lecture theater is located on the ground floor of the pack building
journalism faces the crisis in the light of the digital revolution.
journalism faces the crises in the light of the digital revolution.
it is utmostly important that you don't rely on translation online.
it is good for the environment also good for your electricity bill.
international aid programs have been reduced by the new government.
if you want to sell your book, it must have a list of bibliography.
ideally, free trade is beneficial for trading to both two partners.
free campus tours run daily during summer for prospective students.
free campus tour runs daily during summer for prospective students.
financial help for undergraduate study is available on application.
factors such as cost and function influence the design of a bridge.
experts of the financial department will give the guests a lecture.
every student has a regular meeting with his or her personal tutor.
environmentalism is a category in which universities are competing.
dipping into this as a hobby is an enormously rewarding experience.
did you know that to become more fluent, you need lots of practice?
companies are offering us all kinds of internet connected services.
children acquire their first language without any conscious effort.
career services provide tips about how to cope with job interviews.
art students often exhibit their works in the university buildings.
allergy problems do run in the family, but we don’t understand why.
all medical students should attend the talk about optional courses.
according to the law of gravity, all objects attract to each other.
a renowned economist is selected to have a speech tonight at eight.
a preliminary bibliography is due the week before the spring break.
a national collection center for students is currently being built.
a balanced diet and regular exercise are necessary for good health.
you may need to purchase an academic gown before the commencement.
what is the best possible way to get the work permit for this job?
we study science to understand and appreciate the world around us.
we need to make sure the school principal knows about the changes.
we are not going to accept the assignment after due day on friday.
traffic is very bad in the evening, therefore we must leave early.
to receive the reimbursement, you must keep the original receipts.
to be precise, your assignments need an abstract at the beginning.
these three separate resources are not enough for this assessment.
there will be a guest lecturer visiting the department next month.
there are lots of people competing for places in computer courses.
the verdict depends on which side was more convincing to the jury.
the untapped potential way to monitoring sun's rise is phenomenal.
the university library held the collections of geological theories
the topic next week on our column will be the nuclear disarmament.
the theatre courses are encouraging students to access creativity.
the summer course was canceled due to insufficient re-enrollments.
the student housing is of very high quality, but still affordable.
the rest of the material was deposited partway down the catchment.
the physics students will be given an additional module this year.
the original olympic games were celebrated as religious festivals.
the number of people in the world tripled during the last century.
the new theory takes all the latest research results into account.
the new media has transformed the traditional national boundaries.
the most modern agricultural equipment is now extremely expensive.
the library has an extensive collection of statistical references.
the lecture management in japan will take place in the week seven.
the introduction is an important component of a good presentation.
the extent of advertising to children is very much open to debate.
the extent of advertising on children is very much open to debate.
the essay will argue that the technology does more harm than good.
the decision was made with the support of several faculty members.
the dance department stages elaborated performances each semester.
the company number of bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
the chemistry building is located near the entrance of the campus.
the cafeteria features sandwiches, salads, soup, fish and chicken.
the burning of fossil fuels leads to pollution and global warming.
the book is informative but it could be accused of political bias.
the author is currently the professor at the cambridge university.
the article extrapolates a number of very interesting experiments.
the archaeologists stand out in previously out looked foundations.
some economists argue that the entire financial system is falling.
she has made a significant contribution to the field of chemistry.
science library is currently located on the ground of the library.
rules about break and lunch time vary from one country to another.
resources and materials are on hold on the library reference desk.
resources and materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
remember, the prestigious section has strict eligibility criteria.
remember, a prestigious selection has strict eligibility criteria.
relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
please make sure your application follows the guidelines provided.
physics is a key subject to understand the world and the universe.
people will never learn that the life exists on the other planets.
people have been dependent on using phones in their everyday life.
participants initially select from a range of foundation subjects.
parents today are more responsible for their children's education.
parents should provide guidance and examples to children's values.
one of the key conclusions is that the development needs were met.
of course, you can also choose to have your grades emailed to you.
observers waited nervously and bated their breath for the concert.
new materials and techniques are changing the way of architecture.
my tutorial class will begin at the next monday’s morning session.
much of the evidence been used has only recently become available.
more research is needed before any definitive conclusion is drawn.
members should make concentrated contributions to operating funds.
it takes just over eight minutes for sunlight to reach our planet.
it gradually spread to many places throughout europe by the 1600s.
if you forgot your student number, you should contact jenny brize.
if you forgot your student number, you should contact jenny brice.
if it helps to take notes in order to concentration, please do so.
he would yearn for the chance to learn from the well-known artist.
graduates of journalism can get a job in the communications field.
governments need to make solar energy more affordable to everyone.
government policies though tough have been a blessing in disguise.
globalization often put more pressure on national economic policy.
fatigue is a factor in a significant proportion of road accidents.
farmers do not always receive market price for agricultural goods.
experts say learning and listening to music can reduce the stress.
experts believe that industrial development will help the economy.
experts are now able to forecast weather over much longer periods.
don't be afraid to leave part of research problem for future work.
control systems in manufacturing require a high level of accuracy.
control systems in manufacturing provide a high level of accuracy.
companies are offering us all kinds of internet connected devices.
before submitting your assignment, your advisor should approve it.
before attending the lecture, you must register online or by post.
audition of the university choir will be on hold on the next week.
astronauts are using light years to measure the distance in space.
americans have technically found the growth in quantitative terms.
americans have found the growth progressive in quantitative terms.
allergy problems do run in the family but we don't understand why.
all the equipment must be returned to the laboratory by wednesday.
all students are expected to attend ten lab sessions per semester.
all mobile devices need to be switched off during the examination.
absolutely, i mean scientific development can be a positive thing.
a good research paper delivers practical benefits for real people.
you are not permitted to take reference books out of the library.
would you prepare some powerpoint slides with appropriate graphs?
when i was in school, i had many of the same problems you do now.
we shall be studying the economy of several developing countries.
we offer a broad range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses.
we need to make sure the school principal know about the changes.
we can work together to achieve the higher educational standards.
water is heated to boiling in the flask and added to the mixture.
unusual weather patterns are making farming more difficult today.
unlike short sleep, overlong sleep increases the risk of illness.
unlike applied arts, fine arts do not serve a practical function.
today's lecture material will be included in the next assessment.
thousands of people turned out to be at the presidential address.
thousands of people turned out ahead of the prestigious election.
this essay examined the use of computer in the science classroom.
there have been too many struggles in the mathematics department.
there are dedicated specialist librarians available all the time.
the winter sun is lower but high enough to produce enough warmth.
the verdict depends on which side is more convincing to the jury.
the university canteen is now offering many healthy meal options.
the united states has developed a coffee culture in recent years.
the scientists now study a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
the same approach reached to the same explanation of the problem.
the rules on breaks and lunch hours vary from company to the next
the reception staff can give information of renting and printing.
the reception staff can give information of lending and printing.
the media are to blame for excessive promotion of unhealthy food.
the library contains a wide collection of images and photographs.
the human being competed with each other for resources and space.
the government financial plan has threatened the social services.
the garden behind the university is open to the public in summer.
the english degree involves certain placements in the third year.
the earth's atmosphere is mostly composed of nitrogen and oxygen.
the early works were more philosophical rather than experimental.
the degree is taught by using a mixture of lectures and seminars.
the context includes both the land history and the human history.
the contest includes both the land history and the human history.
the content is to define the combination of maths and philosophy.
the commissioner will allocate the funds among other authorities.
the area has a wide diversity of habitats for underwater species.
that brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
sugar is a solid carbohydrate which is always used in sweet food.
successful applicants will work with a large team of researchers.
students who selected two to three courses may need an extension.
students who attempted to go to the conference must register now.
students need to finish their assignments during next four weeks.
students develop confidence in their ability to think critically.
student identification cards will be issued by today or tomorrow.
student discount cards can be used on campus in the coffee house.
student discount cards can be used in the coffee house on campus.
strangely, people are impacted by spontaneously using statistics.
social robots can show different facial expressions and emotions.
she doesn't even care about anything but what is honest and true.
safety glasses should be worn while doing experiments in the lab.
rules for breaks and lunch time vary from one country to another.
please visit the website for information about the opening times.
please make sure you correctly cited all the necessary materials.
parental expectations are a major cause of stress among students.
our aim is to transmit the mathematics teaching in the classroom.
one of the key conclusions is that the development needs were met
one function of the body fat is to keep all internal organs warm.
observers waited nervously and with bated breath for the concert.
observers waited nervously and held their breath for the concert.
modern poetry often tests the conventions of language and rhythm.
may the love of those around you help you through the days ahead?
many food crops require a large quantity of water and fertilizer.
many experts think that the world climate is constantly changing.
many cities are actively working on ways to reduce air pollution.
lectures' outlines are available on the college internal website.
it is utmost important that you don't rely on translation online.
it is hard to anticipate all the characters that were in the act.
increasing population results in an increasing demand for energy.
in just 12 years, the global population rose from 6 to 7 billion.
if you need additional help, visit the student resolution center.
i spoke to him in english, but i couldn’t make myself understood.
i look forward to meeting you and helping you realize your goals.
human beings compete with other species for spaces and resources.
he needs to talk to you about your industrial architecture class.
graduates of journalism can get a job in the communication field.
firm conclusions can be established through rigorous experiments.
farming methods around the world have greatly developed recently.
farming methods across the world have greatly developed recently.
experts say reading and listening to music can reduce the stress.
early streams of economic in the roman republic will be examined.
don’t forget to hand in your assignments by the end of next week.
does the government in your country help families that need help?
demand and supply are one of the fundamental factors in economics
companies are aiming to earn the money not to change the society.
climate change is a fierce phenomenon concentrated by scientists.
changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process.
cell is the most basic building block for all animals and plants.
before attending the course, you must register online or by post.
all students are encouraged to vote in the forthcoming elections.
all lectures and learning materials can be found on the internet.
a thorough bibliography is needed at the end of every assignment.
a good architecture is always very useful, durable and beautiful.
you're the best advertising executive this company has ever had.
you will be less stressed if you are well prepared for the exam.
you should provide examples to support your ideas and arguments.
you shall be studying economies of several developing countries.
you have to send me your essay in two courses and three modules.
you do not need to have specialist knowledge to enjoy this book.
you can request library books by using the electronic catalogue.
years of training is required to become of a medical specialist.
while the information indicates something for consuming products
when launching a product, research and marketing are very vital.
visual aids can make presentations clearer and more interesting.
tutorials are held for two hours every thursday during semester.
to be honest, the scholarships are reserved to boost admissions.
they have struggled since last year to make their services paid.
there is little evidence available to contradict his viewpoints.
theory and training are required to become a medical specialist.
theater study courses encourage students to exercise creativity.
the workshop will show you how to search the library catalogues.
the television output is giving evident educational programming.
the summer course was cancelled due to insufficient enrollments.
the study of anthropology can help us learn about society today.
the small indian island is made up of forests and snowy valleys.
the scientists will face both the explanations and the problems.
the post office will be closed on mondays and fridays afternoon.
the new timetable for the next term will be available next week.
the marketing budget is doubled since the beginning of the year.
the main concepts of these events were not yet fully understood.
the lecture will deal with the influence of technology on music.
the lecture on child psychology has been postponed until friday.
the largest department in this university is history department.
the english word typhoon comes from the chinese word ‘big wind’.
the department has a higher proportion of postgraduate students.
the course helps students to improve their pronunciation skills.
the content is to define the combination of math and philosophy.
the celebrated theory is still a subject of a great controversy.
the bus to london will be leave ten minutes later than expected.
the brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
the artist’s ties connected politicians earned row of critiques.
textile manufacturing plays a large role in improving economies.
sugar is a compound including carbon, hydrogen and oxygen atoms.
students find true or false questions harder than short answers.
students are not allowed to take the journal out of the library.
student identification card will be issued by today or tomorrow.
scientists are getting closer to the answers of these questions.
salt is produced from the seawater or extracted from the ground.
rivers provide habitats and water pathways for numerous species.
recycling systems can be complex, but they are becoming simpler.
please return the books to the correct positions on the shelves.
please prepare a powerpoint presentation for tomorrow’s meeting.
please prepare a powerpoint presentation for tomorrow's meeting.
please make sure you have collected all the necessary materials.
please make sure you correctly cite all the necessary materials.
physics is the key subject to understand the world and universe.
packaging is very important to attract the attention of a buyer.
our lecture today will discuss the american war of independence.
our aim is to transform the classical teaching in the classroom.
newspapers across the world are reporting stories of presidents.
new developments in technology are influencing current research.
most university's teaching takes place in lectures and seminars.
mature students usually adapt to university life extremely well.
materials and resources are on hold at the library's front desk.
many universities' lectures can now be reviewed on the internet.
key business partners are often intertwined in expense accounts.
key business partners are often entertained in expense accounts.
it's just a feeling of having tried something new and succeeded.
it may not mean that it is possible to solve the problem easily.
in our city, students have access to thirteen college libraries.
in 1880, cycling became a major phenomenon in the united states.
if little action is taken, we could experience energy shortages.
if it helps to take notes in order to concentrate, please do so.
if finance is a cause of concern, scholarships may be available.
ideally, free trade is beneficial for trading with two partners.
i don’t think they support that version of the program any more.
i am going to transform my mathematical skills to the classroom.
humans have the ability to mentally say over 700 words a minute.
human beings compete with other things for resources and spaces.
human beings compete with other species for resources and space.
hemoglobin carries oxygen from lungs to other parts of the body.
graduates from this course find careers in the financial sector.
governments need to make solar energy more affordable to people.
good educators can recognize different kinds of learning styles.
farming method across the world have greatly developed recently.
facebook is one of the most popular websites in the world today.
exam results will be available next week from the course office.
dogs are able to provide assistance to people with disabilities.
conformity involves acting or thinking like other group members.
communication skills have become very important in recent years.
communication skills have become more important in recent years.
communication skills are increasingly important in recent years.
changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process
both staff and students can purchase car parking permits online.
babies can distinguish between what is language and what is not.
as union members, we can influence the change of the university.
all the assignments should be submitted by the end of this week.
all students and staff have the access to printers and scanners.
all filed assignments should have a full list of bibliographies.
advertisements are all around us wherever we go, whatever we do.
a surprisingly large number of students applied for that course.
your ideas are discussed depending on your seminar or tutorial.
you must inform your professor if you are absent in your class.
you can buy a ticket for the lecture from the school secretary.
you are required to complete the research paper by next monday.
we need to hand in our assignments by the end of the/this week.
we didn't mean to ask him to do it because he cannot manage it.
we are so dependent on computer that we cannot live without it.
undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a program.
to acquire a copy of the presentation, please go to my website.
to achieve full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
this course will examine some of the profound ethical dilemmas.
there was not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
there are on-going problems with over-consumption of junk food.
there are new innovations in the field of digital architecture.
there are many exciting developments occurring in the industry.
there are a variety of disciplines in the field of engineering.
the workshop will show you how to search the library catalogues
the university should introduce technology to support learning.
the sustainable development is not easy, but it is unavoidable.
the same issue featured both the explanations and the problems.
the program will be shown on the television during the weekend.
the program must be conducted abidingly by general regulations.
the post office will be closed on monday and friday afternoons.
the pollution level in new delhi has reached an alarming level.
the policy aims to increase the investment in foreign currency.
the library will be closed for staff training tomorrow morning.
the library has a wide range of collection of images and films.
the garden behind the university is a long and interesting one.
the flexibility is the key factor in this course this semester.
the finding shows that chocolate can improve immunity and mood.
the exposure of advertising to children is open to much debate.
the english degree involves certain placements in thirty years.
the dining hall will undergo renovations during the fall break.
the dining hall will be under renovation during the fall break.
the deadline for the submission of this assignment is tomorrow.
the celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
the bus in front of the building will takes you to bus station.
the bookstore is located on the main campus behind the library.
the author expressed an idea that modern readers cannot accept.
the artist is exhibiting in the national art gallery next year.
teaching assistants will receive a monthly stipend for housing.
teaching assistance plays a vital role in the learning process.
take the first step by applying for university scholarship now.
summer schools allow some students to accelerate their studies.
sugar is a compound including carbon hydrogen and oxygen items.
studying medicine is always with a wide range of opportunities.
students' representatives will visit classes with voting forms.
students who want to attend the conference must register first.
students who attempt to go to the conference must register now.
students were instructed to submit their assignments by friday.
students are required to use research methods for this project.
students are required to complete the research paper by monday.
students are competing for every place in the computer courses.
student advisor was aware that lecture today has been canceled.
sometimes ads promote a brand rather than a particular product.
smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution.
reserved collection of books can be borrowed up to three hours.
recreation triggers creativity, according to populace's wisdom.
reading widely is an important part of the undergraduate study.
please sign your name here if you want to join the social club.
please return the books to the correct positions on the shelves
please remember to bring a highlighter to class next wednesday.
plants are the living things that can grow on land or in water.
plants are the living things that can grow in land or in water.
one function of body fat is to keep (all) internal organs warm.
on this project, you will be asked to work as a group of three.
most of the theories were similar, but a few critics disagreed.
many universities provide exchange programs to other countries.
many of the urban poor lived in an extremely cramped condition.
many food crops require a large amount of water and fertilizer.
libraries in many areas were closed due to the lack of funding.
lecture theater is located on the ground floor of the building.
laws protect consumer rights and help to avoid market problems.
it's my opinion that technological advances will begin to slow.
it is hard to anticipate all the characters that were in react.
important details from the argument are missing in the summary.
i would like all the engineering students to raise their hands.
i didn’t attend yesterday’s lecture. could i borrow your notes?
i can’t attend the lecture because i have a doctor appointment.
i can't attend the lecture because i have a doctor appointment.
good research paper delivers practical benefits to real people.
experts say learning and listening music can reduce the stress.
everyone must evacuate from the premises during the fire drill.
every student must evacuate the premises during the fire drill.
essays and assignments are spread out across the academic year.
england is parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy.
but overall, surely scientific development is a positive thing?
building trust is not something that can be achieved overnight.
at that moment, few people moved from the towns to the villages
arteries carry blood from heart to the other parts of the body.
archaeologists discovered tools and artifacts in ancient tombs.
an ancient text may hold secrets which were lost centuries ago.
all the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
all students need to attend no less than ten labs per semester.
all students and staff have the access to printers and laptops.
all mobile devices must be switched off during the examination.
a very basic function of computing is counting and calculating.
a series of the observations were carried out in the classroom.
a series of lectures showed us in economics have been recorded.
39.5% of californian residents don’t speak english in the home.
your lowest quiz grade has been omitted from the calculations.
you will need to read chapter one before the management class.
you will be tested via continuous assessment and examinations.
you must submit your assignments by next friday at the latest.
you must set a security question when resetting your password.
you must inform your advisor if you are absent from the class.
you must complete this chapter before going to the field trip.
you must be willing to accept any of your choices you selected
you can find a lot more information on the university website.
you can download all lecture handouts from the course website.
years of training are required to become a medical specialist.
we are delighted to have professor robert to join our faculty.
visual aids can make presentations clear and more interesting.
vessels carry blood from the heart to other parts of the body.
today’s history lecture has been moved to the lecture theatre.
to improve the essay, i decided to include more direct quotes.
this semester we plan to specialize in educational psychology.
this can be seen as the starting point of my discussion today.
there will be a meeting for the first-year students on friday.
there will be a meeting for the first year students on friday.
there is not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
there is a point between chemistry and other side of subjects.
the visiting speaker used to be a lecturer in this department.
the visiting professor is going to give a lecture for geology.
the visiting guest used to be the lecturer of this department.
the universities provide exchange programs to other countries.
the united states has become a coffee culture in recent years.
the temperature in summer is lower when comparing to the fall.
the students have options to live in residences or apartments.
the same issue researched the same explanation of the problem.
the same approach reached the same explanation of the problem.
the results of the experiment are reported in the table below.
the nation achieved prosperity by opening its ports for trade.
the key witnesses to the event have conflicting recollections.
the key witnesses of the event are factors of your convention.
the food crops require a large amount of water and fertilizer.
the fire left the area almost completely devoid of vegetation.
the extent of advertising for children is open to much debate.
the evaluation forms will be reviewed by university personnel.
the english word typhoon comes from the chinese word big wind.
the computer memory of modern computer is extended every year.
the city's founder created a set of rules that became the law.
the chemistry club is located near the entrance to the campus.
the bus will depart from outside of the building in 5 minutes.
the bus in front of the building will take you to bus station.
the article reflects a number of very interesting experiments.
the article presents a number of very interesting experiments.
the application form must be submitted before the end of term.
the amount of time spent on configuration varies considerably.
the aim of the work, presented could be formulated as follows.
students' assignments should be submitted before the deadline.
students will focus on reporting news on changing media world.
students who are successful have good strategies for learning.
students who are successful have a good strategy for learning.
students are recommended to read new books by professor johns.
students are advised to use multiple methods for this project.
storytelling is a common teaching technique in many countries.
staying near the place of work saves precious hours every day.
scientists recognize differences among water molecule content.
scientists are getting closer to the answers of this question.
renovation works have been undertaken throughout the building.
reference materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world.
practical experiments are essential parts of chemical classes.
please leave any questions related to the topic until the end.
people have been independent by using phones in everyday life.
parents today are involved in the education of their children.
our young people need education and more organized activities.
notes lecture will begin punctually, so please do not be late.
new development in technology contributes to current research.
most university teaching takes place in lectures and seminars.
most teaching staff make their lecture notes available online.
most of the theories were similar but a few critics disagreed.
more females than males graduated from universities last year.
many of the universities' original buildings are still in use.
it is necessary to dress formally for the graduation ceremony.
it is clear that the human population impacts the environment.
information technology has changed the way people study today.
in the middle ages, a disease caused world population to fall.
in the 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in america.
in that moment, few people moved from the town to the village.
important details in the article are missing from the summary.
if you need additional help, visit the student resolve centre.
if you need additional help, visit the student resolve center.
if you like to take notes, you can but there will be handouts.
if you knew how to get there in time, why didn't you tell him?
i will be in my office every day from 11 o’clock to 2 o’clock.
i must see him before he flies out to london for about a week.
i didn’t understand the author’s point of view on immigration.
his appointment as minister of culture was seen as a demotion.
higher education provider treats plagiarism extremely serious.
food contains antibiotics provides few or no nutrition values.
experts said reading and listening to music can reduce stress.
even simple techniques need to be practiced to become perfect.
essential textbooks can be purchased from the campus bookshop.
elderly people can sometimes lose their connection to society.
eating fish twice a week is an accommodation on a health diet.
despite the protest, the chemistry department was closed down.
conferences ought to be always scheduled two weeks in advance.
companies want to protect their brands from negative comments.
check the website if you are looking for discounted textbooks.
cells are the basic building blocks of all animals and plants.
calculators allow us to add numbers that we all made mistakes.
books for children often contain many beautiful illustrations.
banks charge interests for money they loan to their customers.
audition of the university choir will be on hold the next week
at the 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in america.
artists need to make their works both original and accessible.
article numbers are collected through interesting experiments.
all the equipment must be returned to laboratory by wednesday.
all source of materials must be included in your bibliography.
all industries consist of input, process, output and feedback.
all filed assignments should have a full list of bibliography.
all answers must be examined and supported by relevant theory.
a very basic feature of computing is counting and calculating.
a good research assistant is not afraid to be asked questions.
a bar chart can provide useful information in data comparison.
you must take 3 core and 2 elective courses in this semester.
you must submit your assignment by next friday at the latest.
when we think about communication we think about interaction.
we will study the following two pictures in the next lecture.
we shall be studying economy of several developing countries.
we are achieving common prosperity throughout the department.
universities need to secure the grants for research subjects.
this morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
they developed a unique approach to training their employees.
there will be an open book exam on monday, the twenty-eighth.
the ways in which people communicate are constantly changing.
the visiting professor is going to give a lecture on geology.
the untapped potential of using the sun's rays is phenomenal.
the university seeks the funds for renovation of the theatre.
the university canteen offers different healthy meal options.
the technician dropped the new microscope in the biology lab.
the teaching staff are actively engaged in original research.
the study of anthropology can help us to learn society today.
the romans left in 410 at the beginning of the fifth century.
the research paper examined the economies of three countries.
the recent study has thrown out the validity of the argument.
the recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
the railways make long-distance travel possible for everyone.
the railway makes long-distance travel possible for everyone.
the poster of this play is hung in the large lecture theater.
the older equipment has been put at the back of the building.
the new technician dropped the microscope in the biology lab.
the nearest automatic teller is in front of the anatomy labs.
the medium plays a significant role in shaping public opinion
the key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
the key difference between courses is the kind of assessment.
the history of this university is a long and interesting one.
the history course is assessed via three written assignments.
the grade will be deducted for submitting after the due date.
the exam system has been upgraded due to a professional exam.
the digital camera has some advantages over traditional film.
the course registration is open early march for new students.
the course has been updated to reflect the current situation.
the commissioner will portion the funds to all sovereignties.
the cafeteria will only serve cold meals on friday this week.
the bus to london will leave ten minutes later than expected.
the article first introduces various interesting experiments.
the aim of the work presented could be formulated as follows.
take the first step to apply for your university scholarship.
sympathy is a feeling of sorrow for someone who is not happy.
students who are successful have a good strategy of learning.
students are recommended to read new books by professor jones
students are not allowed to take journals out of the library.
sports teams practice on weekdays and play games on weekends.
she is an expert of the eighteenth century french literature.
scientific experiments are repeated in order to find results.
radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world
psychology is the study of the mental processes and behavior.
popular culture is now a serious subject of academic inquiry.
popular culture is not a serious subject of academic inquiry.
please finish all the reading chapters before the field trip.
please carefully study the framework and complete the survey.
peer group pressure has a significant effect on young people.
our tutorial will take place on the second floor in room one.
our professor is hosting the business development conference.
one function of body fat is to keep the internal organs warm.
observers waited nervously with bated breath for the concert.
much of the evidence used has only recently become available.
most university teaching take place in lectures and seminars.
most theories were quite similar but a few critics disagreed.
most of the students have not considered these issues before.
most critics agreed with the new theory, but a few disagreed.
more time will be needed to process the topic of the project.
mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election.
many of the urban poor lived in extremely cramped conditions.
linguistics is the scientific study and analysis of language.
larger numbers of city residents means greater car ownership.
it's just a feeling having tried something new and succeeded.
it was four more years before the theory was fully developed.
it is clear that the human population impacts the environment
it is clear that human population impacts on the environment.
it is absolutely vital that you acknowledge all your sources.
information technology has changed the way people work today.
if you are working after 11 o'clock, who will drive you home?
i've always wanted to get a degree in electronic engineering.
i'm going to transform my mathematic skills to the classroom.
i found a large rock and i broke through the basement window.
having clean water for human consumption is vital for health.
growing population has posed a challenge to many governments.
good nutrition is crucial to the general health and vitality.
for the small businesses, making profit is the main priority.
extra seminars will be scheduled to assist you with revision.
enrolling in a double major may increase your career options.
economic development needs to be supported by the government.
doing this research makes me think of the purpose of science.
democracy is constantly offering a stable form of government.
democracy is constantly offering a stable form of governance.
coursework and exams will form part of the annual assessment.
courses are assessed by group work and individual assignment.
course work and exam will form part of the annual assessment.
could you pass the material to students that are in your row?
convincing evidence to support this theory is hard to obtain.
continuing students will be sent necessary application forms.
consumer confidence tends to increase as the economy expands.
classical mechanism is considered as a branch of mathematics.
cinema and music are as important as science and mathematics.
british students must study mathematics at secondary schools.
banks charge interest for money they loan to their customers.
as union members, we can make an influence on the university.
apple is expected to announce several new products this fall.
animals grow larger and stronger to help them to hunt better.
animal and plant cells have a number of structures in common.
all undergraduate students should participate in the seminar.
all dissertations must be accompanied with a submission form.
a very basic feature of computing is counting and calculating
a science-based approach is vital for effective advancements.
a celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
your agent will collect commission for each house they sell.
you will need to purchase an academic gown for commencement.
you need to save your files before turning off the computer.
you must take 3 core and 2 elective courses in the semester.
wearing a mask is one of the best ways to curb the pandemic.
we hold the visiting hours throughout the year for students.
we can't consider any increases in our prices at this stage.
urban planning emphasizes on the expansion of the community.
university students pay a lot of money for their educations.
tribes work with each other to build up a monolithic statue.
too much information may be avoided by good research design.
to gain full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
this work will be the starting point of my discussion today.
this semester we plan to specialize in education psychology.
this course puts great emphasis on critical thinking skills.
this can be used as a starting point of my discussion today.
this article covers the who, where and when of the conflict.
there is not enough evidence to support this recommendation.
there is no reason to prove that boredom is necessarily bad.
there is a welcome party for all new students for each term.
the use of dictionary is not allowed during the examination.
the urban geography degree includes the study of demography.
the two variables in the study were very closely correlated.
the timetable for the next term will be available next week.
the time of the math lecture has been changed to ten thirty.
the study of utilizing projects is funded by the university.
the stock market redesigned the market throughout the world.
the romans left in 410, at the beginning of the 5th century.
the results will be available in the main course and online.
the reading list will be available before the course begins.
the program must be conducted abiding by general regulations
the prevailing wind ensures the temperature extremes unwell.
the opposition has so far been unresponsive to our proposal.
the morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
the meeting for first-year economics students is on tuesday.
the media play a significant role in shaping public opinion.
the key to success in the exam is to study hard and do well.
the inhabitants of wildlife have been ignored by developers.
the history of the university is a long and interesting one.
the history of the movement was recorded by several writers.
the falling birth rate means the number of students dropped.
the exam system has been upgraded due to professional exams.
the economic class will take place in the main lecture room.
the coffee house menu features coffee, sandwiches and toast.
the city's founders created a set of rules that became laws.
the cafeteria will only serve cold milk on friday this week.
the bookshop is located at the north end of the main campus.
the author is currently a professor at cambridge university.
the article consists of a number of interesting experiments.
studying history can help you better understand the present.
speed is defined as how quickly an object or a person moves.
speed is defined as how quickly a person or an object moves.
she doesn't care about anything but what is honest and true.
scientists were unsure when the early man first left africa.
please write the name of author and the year of publication.
please make sure you correctly cite all necessary materials.
please make sure all works follow the department guidelines.
our aim is to transform classical teaching in the classroom.
organization plays an important role in academic literature.
one solution is a system of electric cars to hire on-demand.
most theories are quite similar, but a few critics disagree.
most students in last year’s course did well in this module.
most students in last year's course did well in this module.
most of the assignments should be submitted on the same day.
money and how it is paid can be the motivation for the work.
money and how it is paid can affect the motivations to work.
momentum is defined as the combination of mass and velocity.
members can contribute to the association of operating firm.
many universities' lectures can now be reviewed in internet.
many of the university’s original buildings are still in use
lots of people turned out to be at the presidential address.
it’s time to finalize the work before the wednesday seminar.
it's time to finalize the work before the wednesday seminar.
increasing population results in increased demand in energy.
in statistics, a detailed lecture of view is very important.
in most cases, quality products don't need much advertising.
growing population has posed a challenge to many governments
graphs and charts allowed data more easily to be understood.
extra seminar's to be scheduled to assist you with revision.
essays with few or no citations will be regarded as invalid.
essays and assignments spread out across the academic world.
eating fish twice a week is a recommendation of health diet.
do not know if there is a plural, but i do not seem to have.
children start producing words before they are able to walk.
children are not allowed to be in the laboratory at any time
check the website if you are looking for discount textbooks.
chapter one provides the historical background to the topic.
celebrated theory is still a subject to a great controversy.
calculators allow us to add numbers without making mistakes.
both staff and students can purchase parking permits online.
archeologists discover tools and fossils from ancient times.
all students and staff have access to printers and scanners.
all postgraduate students should participate in the seminar.
all of your assignments should be submitted by next tuesday.
alex captured her hands and forced her to drop the potatoes.
a full bibliography is needed at the end of all assignments.
39.5% of californian residents do not speak english at home.
your lowest grade has been eliminated from the calculation.
you need to give a better example to support your argument.
you have to learn how to use the library to save your time.
you can only choose one subject from biology and chemistry.
what surprised me is the number of students in this course.
we should never underestimate the power of creative design.
we are dealing with the most challenges that we face today.
university students pay a lot of money for their education.
understanding visual media has never been more challenging.
tribes vied with each other to build up monolithic statues.
to understand its entity, we need to go back to its origin.
those reference books are too old, while the others are ok.
this part of the session is not supported by documentation.
this newspaper challenges the previously accepted theories.
this guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
this article refers to a number of interesting experiments.
this article covers architecture planning and construction.
there was a prize for the best student of the presentation.
there is disagreement among researchers about why we dream.
there is clearly a need for further research in this field.
there is a need for constructive dialogues between leaders.
there are no scheduled classes during the final exam weeks.
the vocabulary that has peculiar meanings is called jargon.
the university provides legislation for students and staff.
the timetable for the new term will be available next week.
the supplementary energy sources are needed after exertion.
the school canteen sells a large variety of water and food.
the rising temperature is changing the wildlife population.
the professor has promised to put his lecture notes online.
the original olympic game is one kind of original festival.
the opening hours of the library are reduced during summer.
the northern campus car park is located behind the library.
the minimum mark for distinction grade is no less than 75%.
the meeting for first year economic students is on tuesday.
the first assignment is due on the fourteenth of september.
the employment demand in engineering is increasing rapidly.
the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
the deadline of the marketing assignment has been extended.
the coffee machine on the third floor is not working today.
the coffee is free for the university students on weekdays.
the books in the library can be borrowed up to three hours.
the books in the library can be borrowed for up to 3 hours.
the article introduces a number of interesting experiments.
the application process may take longer than it's expected.
student loans are now available for international students.
street lighting allows people to walk home safely at night.
some young people seem to be addicted to their cell phones.
scientists are always asking the governments for more money
scientists are always asking the government for more money.
rivers provide habitats for fish and other aquatic species.
reserve collection books can be borrowed up to three hours.
relying on natural ability will not get you far on science.
please make sure all works follow the department deadlines.
plants are able to continue growing throughout their lives.
our workshop is opening for all the students on the campus.
our friends give us emotional support, although not always.
one of the election promises is to decrease the income tax.
note-taking methods work great both on paper and digitally.
newspapers across the world reported stories of presidents.
new media has a significant impact on human communications.
new credit cards will soon use the finger press technology.
new credit cards will be soon using fingerprint technology.
most of the students have not considered this issue before.
many university lectures can now be viewed on the internet.
libraries in many areas were closed due to lack of funding.
late applications are not accepted under any circumstances.
it's just a feeling having tried something new and succeed.
it isn't easy when it comes to the definition of this word.
it is strictly required to submit the assignment by friday.
it is important to allocate your time wisely when revising.
it is an integrated course with several different elements.
international exchanges formulate the study of our program.
i'd like to start a family when i'm about thirty years old.
folk tales are passed orally from generation to generation.
finding cocoa in dark chocolate promotes immunity and mood.
farmers do not always receive price for agricultural goods.
essays and assignments spread out across the academic year.
enrolling a second major will increase your career options.
education is not just about learning skills for employment.
distance learning can develop your career around the world.
could you please pass the handouts to students in your row?
coastal communities are vulnerable to the rising sea level.
certain organisms can reproduce using just only one parent.
books for children often contain many bits of illustration.
anonymous behaviors can be identified without intervention.
all of your assignment should be submitted by next tuesday.
all educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
all applications of internship are available in the office.
a recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
a number of assignments will be gathered to the conference.
you must go to the reception to pick up your student card.
you cannot renew any overdue books in the science library.
you can find a lot more information on university website.
you are required to complete the research paper by monday.
you are required to complete the assignment by next monday
we should attempt to lower the amount of traffic on roads.
we need to hand in our assignments by the end of the week.
we can't consider any increase in our price at this stage.
unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in years.
tribes worked with each other to build monolithic statues.
travelling by boat on the river is not possible in winter.
traffic is the main cause of air pollution in many cities.
today's history lecture has been moved to lecture theater.
today we are going to move on to the next chapter-volcano.
time was needed to process complex topics of the lectures.
three of the students were confused by the key hypothesis.
this essay will argue technology does more harm than good.
they were struggling last year to make their service paid.
these researches, data and collections should be analyzed.
these leaflets can be really useful when you are revising.
there will be a chemistry test in the classroom next week.
there was no correlation between drug used and cure rates.
there is no guarantee that you will get your first choice.
the way of looking at something depends on your situation.
the university sent exchanged students to other countries.
the university has a world-renowned school of archaeology.
the university has a world renowned school of archaeology.
the university celebrated the earth day by planting trees.
the united states has the maximum production of chocolate.
the tutorial timetable can be found on the course website.
the technician left the new microscope in the biology lab.
the spot of lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
the renowned journalism will last for half of the century.
the number of bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
the new paper challenged the previously accepted theories.
the library has substantial materials of economic history.
the latest version of the operating system has many flaws.
the investigation aims to establish stains of the problem.
the information on the internet is becoming more reliable.
the importance of this event was not yet fully understood.
the history lecture has been moved to the lecture theater.
the guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
the first assignment will be due on the 14th of september.
the first assignment is due on the fourteenth of september
the falling birth rate means the number of students drops.
the essay will be published once the research is finished.
the chemistry exam results would be posted on the website.
the capacity of computers is expanding rapidly every year.
the artists tied with politicians earned row of critiques.
technology is no longer a simple tool that we can control.
technology and industry are the drivers of global economy.
teaching assistants will receive monthly fees for housing.
students should leave their bags on the table by the door.
students must observe lab safety regulations at all times.
some people believe that education should be free for all.
some details underlying the issue must be addressed first.
social media is criticized for causing internet addiction.
rising in temperature is changing the wildlife population.
protective clothing must always be worn in the laboratory.
packaging is very important to attract intentioned buyers.
our lecture on robotic engineering takes place on tuesday.
one thirtieth of wildlife have been ignored by developers.
my tutorial class will begin on the next monday's morning.
most of the students haven't considered the issues before.
momentum is defined as a combination of mass and velocity.
mary has nobody to talk with, but she doesn’t feel lonely.
many companies use personality tests in interview process.
making a mistake is fine as long as you've learnt from it.
leave the building immediately if the fire alarm goes off.
it's time to finalize the work before wednesday’s seminar.
it provides an opportunity to work with other disciplines.
it is important to make clear notes while you are reading.
it is important for students to keep up with the deadline.
interpreters are not readily available in this department.
in this language course, we focus on fluency and accuracy.
in the end, it's what people like to eat that's important.
in 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in america.
imported packages are likely to be used in many computers.
if you want to quit the student union, tell the registrar.
if you need help, i can give you a hand in finding a flat.
horizontal line on the graph indicates there is no change.
having strong motivation is vital for achieving your goal.
good research delivers practical knowledge to real people.
good research delivers practical benefits for real people.
field trips are essential parts of most geography courses.
experts are now able to forecast weather for long periods.
everyone must evacuate the premises during the fire drill.
enrolling a second major will increase the career options.
economic streams of early roman republic will be examined.
diet and exercise are the foundation parts of good health.
classical mechanism is considered a branch of mathematics.
children conquer their first language without any efforts.
celebrity theory is still the great source of controversy.
architectural numbers vary in that interesting experiment.
an effective business manager is always open to new ideas.
academic journals are often edited by subject specialists.
academic development needs to be supported by governments.
a lack of sleep can increase the chance of some illnesses.
you will acquire new skills during your academic studies.
you will acquire many skills during the academic studies.
you should submit your team papers to the general office.
you should include these two pictures in your assignment.
you can find a lot more references on university website.
we will never learn that if life exists on other planets.
we prefer postgraduate students than previously possible.
we help individuals to develop and follow their interest.
we are warning the clients that the rates are increasing.
we are able to accommodate more students than previously.
universities invest new technology designed for learning.
understanding how to use the library will save your time.
tutors should set a clear goal at the start of the class.
to contact the education executive, you need to call 401.
this schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
this course aims to develop your knowledge of statistics.
they were struggling last year to make their service pay.
there is no fixed career path for a qualified journalist.
there is an overlap between chemistry and other subjects.
there is a clear need for further research in this field.
there are many good reasons to grow trees in more cities.
there are hundreds of clubs and societies to choose from.
there are a range of housing options near the university.
the use of mobile phones is not permitted in the library.
the university sent exchange students to other countries.
the two sides have disagreed on how to solve the problem.
the theme of the issue was the estimation of the problem.
the solar energy department is highly regarded worldwide.
the schedule allows plenty of time for independent study.
the same issue featured both explanations of the problem.
the professor will talk about the summary in the lecture.
the professor plans to discuss these issues this evening.
the new paper challenged the previously accepted theories
the nearest automatic teller is in front of anatomy labs.
the law library is closed on sundays and public holidays.
the importance of this event is not yet fully understood.
the hypothesis needs to be tested in a more rigorous way.
the free trades are mutually beneficial for two partners.
the following economic policy lecture has been cancelled.
the economic predictions turn/turned out to be incorrect.
the course examines one of the profound ethical dilemmas.
the content of the book on the cover must be in capitals.
the chemistry exam results will be posted on the website.
the cafeteria was sold out of coffee on friday this week.
the blue whale is the largest animals to have ever lived.
the article verifies a number of interesting experiments.
the article reflects a number of interesting experiments.
the article involves a number of interesting experiments.
the area has a number of underwater habitats and species.
technology is changing the way media is used and studied.
students must observe lab safety regulations at all time.
students are encouraged to monitor studies by themselves.
student services provide help with housing and transport.
speed is defined as how fast a person or an object moves.
some departments have their own special book collections.
social media is criticized of causing internet addiction.
reading lists will be available before the course begins.
reading histories involves a level of careful selections.
public transport is the best way to travel to university.
please close the door behind you when you leave the room.
please be careful when using online translation programs.
our cultural values are dependent on the choices we made.
online courses allow students to work on their own paces.
new timetables will be posted on the student noticeboard.
nasa has been at the forefront of deep space exploration.
most students are not eligible to claim housing benefits.
most adults need around eight hours of sleep every night.
it's important to make clear notes while you are reading.
it's difficult for us to control our feelings of disgust.
it is possible to keep the energy of an atom in two ways.
it is one of the oldest original parts of our university.
it is important to make clear notes when you are reading.
it is an integrated course with three different elements.
interim grades will be posted outside the student lounge.
in spite the cold temperature, the sky is clear and blue.
in marketing, short-term thinking leads to many problems.
if you have an extra pair of shoes, may i have it please?
identity theft happens to thousands of people every year.
however, this method is problematic in terms of accuracy.
his appointment as culture minister was seen as demotion.
good nutrition is crucial to general health and vitality.
globalization problems need to find globalized solutions.
fruits containing too much sugar have little or no value.
feelings of nerves are common to all university freshers.
fashion trends always help people to get more interesting
family life is difficult for parents who have shift work.
exotic activities can help students develop more talents.
evaluation forms will be reviewed by university personnel
evaluation form will be reviewed by university personnel.
enrolling a second major will increase the career option.
economic status of early roman republic will be examined.
distance learning has become far more popular these days.
diagnosis is not a single event, but an evolving process.
astronauts use light years to measure distances in space.
anatomy is the study of internal and external structures.
an increase in population will result in fewer resources.
a verdict is needed for the jurisdiction of the district.
a series of lectures showed economics have been recorded.
a regional assembly was moved to the devolution of power.
a national center of excellence is currently being built.
a good research assistant is not afraid to ask questions.
your summary should be as clear and precise as possible.
your summary should be as clear and concise as possible.
your application for a research grant has been received.
you wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
you should go to the reception to get your student card.
you need to read the chapter before the management class
you are required to submit the assignment before friday.
when we talk, we use tone and expressions to understand.
we would like a first draft of the assignment by monday.
we were able to contact the number of research subjects.
we hold visiting tours throughout the year for students.
we don't accept assignments submitted after the due day.
we developed a method for evaluation of dynamic changes.
upgrading manufacturing systems can increase efficiency.
university graduates will work for a year in industries.
understanding how to use the library will save you time.
this course can help to deepen your appreciation of art.
this article covers who, where and when of the conflict.
they develop a unique approach to train their employees.
these research, data and collections should be analyzed.
there's an hourly bus service from the campus into town.
there is no fixed career path for qualified journalists.
there is a welcome party for all new students each term.
the use of mobile phone is not permitted in the library.
the timetable for next term will be available next week.
the students union governs the use of the sports center.
the schedule allows plenty of time for individual study.
the schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
the rise in sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
the research has produced some other unexpected results.
the printers automatically print two sides of each page.
the other book is not thorough but it's more insightful.
the most important details in this argument are missing.
the module of the work is more of a compositional style.
the leaflets can be really useful when you are revising.
the features issued the same explanation of the problem.
the farmers need to adapt to the changes of the climate.
the english degree is a worthy degree of the third year.
the election of president is held once every four years.
the early works of this research were more experimental.
the department is organizing a flight to london in july.
the chief executive reads several new books every month.
the arts magazine is looking for a new assistant editor.
the article refers to number of interesting experiments.
the article illustrates various interesting experiments.
the area has a number of underwater habitats in species.
the academic tradition of the school ensures excellence.
technological developments have changed the way we live.
students should take the training course to use the gym.
students are permitted to park at campus parking spaces.
students are encouraged to monitor their own attendance.
some of these features were part of the previous system.
social psychology has been considered by human behavior.
slides and handouts can be downloaded after the lecture.
sea levels are expected to rise during the next century.
scientists can develop new elements in their laboratory.
please work with each other to build monolithic statues.
plants are living things that grow on land or in water..
physics students will do an additional module this year.
pets offer emotional support to sick and elderly people.
online courses allow students to work in their own pace.
nine out of ten british people live in towns and cities.
new credit cards will soon using fingerprint technology.
neuroscience is a compound of completely separate parts.
moving up the class ladder also brings unexpected costs.
most of these features were part of the previous system.
make sure you wash your hands before preparing the food.
linguist is the scientist and knowledge of the language.
libraries provide a lot of useful services for students.
it’s within that framework that we’re making our survey.
it would be extraordinarily beneficial to work together.
it isn’t easy when comes to the definition of this word.
it is within the framework that we’re making our survey.
it is possible to keep the energy of an atom in two ways
it is important that you work as a team on this project.
in marketing short term thinking leads to many problems.
in english, the month of the year is always capitalized.
identity theft happens to thousands of people every day.
i must see him before he flies out to london for a week.
i don't think it's possible to solve the problem easily.
his academic supervisor called in to see him last night.
he is regarded as the most foremost economist this year.
good research presents many benefits to the real people.
good research delivers practical benefit to real people.
find out how to get your resources before your research.
experts are thinking that the world climate is changing.
essays should be typed with double space on white paper.
elections of president take place once every four years.
demand and supply are fundamental elements of economics.
criminal charges will be brought against all of the men.
contemporary commentators dismiss his idea as eccentric.
climate change is being acknowledged by many scientists.
chemistry building is located at the entrance to campus.
being a vegan means not consuming any other animal meat.
before preparing food, be sure you wash your hands well.
basically, marketing is about making people want to buy.
avoid confusing the causes and effects of these changes.
art is an expression of creative skills and imagination.
an introduction is an essential element of presentation.
a verdict is required for the jurisdiction in the court.
a good abstract highlights the key points of your paper.
your ideas are sophisticated in seminars and tutorials.
you were able to contact a number of research subjects.
you should send me your essay before midnight tomorrow.
you can only choose one subject from biology and media.
writing an essay is easy once the research is finished.
without doubt, this theory has a number of limitations.
when parents talk to children, the tense is simplified.
we are required to submit the assignment before friday.
trees benefit the city by absorbing water run off road.
traffic is the main cause for pollution in many cities.
traffic is the main cause for pollution in main cities.
today we will look at how to display the data visually.
this software company designs and creates new products.
this part of session is not supported by documentation.
this paper has the potential to transform life science.
this paper challenged the previously accepted theories.
this number went up very slowly over several centuries.
this course is integrated because it has several parts.
there is no criterion passed for qualified journalists.
there is an accounting assignment for finance students.
there is an accounting assessment for finance students.
there has been a rapid growth in the commercial market.
there are so many fast food outlets on campus nowadays.
there are many different styles of business management.
the weather used to be lovely at this time of the year.
the visitor used to be the lecturer of this department.
the university library has most of the necessary books.
the toughest part of postgraduate education is funding.
the speaker mentioned two things that affect happiness.
the resources cited are not enough for this assessment.
the railways were made to make distant travel possible.
the paper challenged many previously accepted theories.
the night's sky has always involved mystery and wonder.
the new english classes will start next monday morning.
the lowest grade has been omitted from the calculation.
the features issue the same explanation of the problem.
the excursion for children is very much open to debate.
the equality has not yet been achieved in this society.
the course will start with the history of architecture.
the bar chart provides useful means of data comparison.
the balance in diet and exercise makes for good health.
some people argue that education is not that important.
social science is the study of solving social problems.
she is an expert of the 18th century french literature.
she glanced nervously around the brush and back at him.
she began by giving an outline of the previous lecture.
robots are able to communicate with humans around them.
review all your sources before drawing any conclusions.
restaurants are down to the hall and next to the right.
reading list will be available before the course begins
please explain what the author means by sustainability.
people see ads on the internet, on tv and in magazines.
peer review is an essential part of scientific methods.
peer group pressure has a great effect on young people.
participating in the class is the center of the course.
parenting is difficult for parents who have shift work.
our exam results are consistently high in all subjects.
neurons are principally involved in chemical processes.
most of the lectures begin promptly, so do not be late.
making mistakes is fine as long as you learn from them.
it’s within the framework that we’re making our survey.
it is good for the environment also good for your bill.
in 2011, the population of the world reached 7 billion.
if you need a parking ticket, see me after the lecture.
if taking notes helps your concentration, please do it.
if it helps to take notes to concentrate, please do so.
ideally, free trade is beneficial to both the partners.
i'm afraid professor jones doesn't suffer fools gladly.
i was overwhelmed with too much irrelevant information.
i used to have a cup of coffee with milk and one sugar.
i think it's one of the best things i have done really.
history is not a simple collection of dates and events.
he wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
he was regarded as the foremost economist at that time.
he told me it was the most important assignment of all.
having clean water for consumption is vital for health.
having a shower before going to bed can help you sleep.
extracurricular activities can help students to develop
every student has the right and the ability to succeed.
daily practice can build confidence and improve skills.
continuing students will be sent for application forms.
conferences ought to be scheduled two weeks in advance.
business must adapt to the data protection regulations.
business must adapt to the data projection regulations.
art is an expression of creative skill and imagination.
agricultural development is vital for poor rural areas.
agenda items should be submitted by the end of the day.
a pie chart provides a useful means of data comparison.
a periodical is a publication that is issued regularly.
your statistical information depends on your raw data.
your application for research grant has been received.
you will portray your plan and sign off on your paper.
you should raise your concern with the head of school.
you have the freedom to study what interests you most.
without doubt, his primary motive was economic growth.
we were able to contact a number of research subjects.
we no longer respond to any postal reference requests.
we cannot consider increasing the price at this stage.
we cannot consider an increase in price at this stage.
we are no longer responding to any reference requests.
tribes work with each other to build monolith statues.
to measure distance could take as much as three weeks.
timetables about new term will be available next week.
this slide shows that there has been a minimal growth.
these regions were both areas of economic development.
there are so many fast food outlets on campus nowadays
there are different types of governments in the world.
there are accounting assignments for finance students.
the university celebrated earth day by planting trees.
the teacher training is an observation of the classes.
the software companies design and create new products.
the sociology department is highly regarded worldwide.
the registration for courses is open for new students.
the plight of wildlife has been ignored by developers.
the pharmacy was closed when i went past this morning.
the paper has the potential to transform life science.
the museum is closed on thursday mornings every month.
the most popular courses still have a few places left.
the internet has transformed the nature of publishing.
the history of economics is a tricky subject to study.
the feedback from the students was extremely positive.
the economy now is showing the first sign of recovery.
the department works closely for business communities.
the department is organising a trip to london in july.
the department has organized a trip to london in july.
the course dates are available on the college website.
the college welcomes students from all over the world.
the chief economist has radical ideas for the economy.
the article shows a number of interesting experiments.
the application process may take longer than expected.
students can get access to computers on a daily basis.
strong liner is used to measure distance and baseline.
some species of birds can sleep while they are flying.
scientists were unsure when the early men left africa.
scientists were unsure when the early man left africa.
scientists can develop new elements in the laboratory.
scientists are always asking the government for money.
sales figures for last year were better than expected.
rising in sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
presidential elections are held once every four years.
potential customers can see what employees say online.
population geography includes the study of demography.
politics is usually not a safe topic for conversation.
please go straight and turn left to reach the library.
one theory says that dreams help the long-term memory.
next week's assignment will be similar to last week's.
new media journalism is an interesting area for study.
new credit cards will soon use fingerprint technology.
much of the research is carried out in the laboratory.
most of the features were part of the previous system.
more research is required in the field of food science
mobile devices are not allowed during the examination.
meteorology is a detailed study of earth’s atmosphere.
many of the most popular courses are available online.
many experts think that the world climate is changing.
making mistakes is fine, as long as you learn from it.
let's all meet at four, not three as we agreed before.
journalism has undergone many changes in recent years.
i’m afraid professor jones didn’t suffer fools gladly.
it was acknowledged that his work was ground breaking.
it is an integrated course with several main elements.
international students come from all around the world.
in the dark, before the dawn, the plane was assembled.
if you need a parking ticket ,see me after the lecture
i missed yesterday’s lecture. can i borrow your notes?
i don’t understand what the comment of my essay means.
i don't understand what the comment of my essay means.
i don't like the cheese tomato sandwich on white bread
here is only one example but there are lots of others.
he was regarded as the foremost economist at his time.
fossil fuel companies know how to stop global warming.
for writing bibliography you need to use italic fonts.
fashion trends help to make people's life interesting.
convincing evidence for this theory is hard to obtain.
conformity to the wrong group can be rather dangerous.
children are not allowed to be in the lab at any time.
certain organisms can reproduce using just one parent.
businesses must obey contemporary general regulations.
behind the group, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
behind the garage, there is a flat cart drawn by mules
behind the crops, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
avoid confusing the cause and effect of these changes.
at that time, few people moved from towns to villages.
air pollution is a serious problem all over the world.
advanced technology will create growth in the economy.
a national collection center is currently being built.
85 percent of people say they fear speaking in public.
you are required to submit your assignment by friday.
words can’t express how sad we are to hear your loss.
without doubt his primary motive was economic growth.
we are no longer responding to any material requests.
water is heated to something and added to the mixture
this is a compulsory course, so make sure you attend.
there is considerably less supervision at university.
the weather turned out to be lovely sometime earlier.
the untapped potential use of sun rays is phenomenal.
the technology has transformed the nature of society.
the synopsis contains the most important information.
the slide shows that there has been a minimal growth.
the rising of the sea level indicates climate change.
the result of the study will be published next month.
the office will be closed during the christmas break.
the night sky has always involved mystery and wonder.
the new english class will start next monday morning.
the museum is closed on thursday morning every month.
the minimal mark for distinction is no less than 75%.
the internet has transformed the nature of publishing
the information on the internet become more reliable.
the essay contains most of the important information.
the disease that was serious has now been eradicated.
the curriculum needed to be adjusted for development.
the curriculum is described in the course's syllabus.
the course tomorrow will require higher skill levels.
the chemistry building is still open during vacation.
the bank is hoping to tap into a fast-growing market.
the bank is hoping to tap into a fast growing market.
the article verifies various interesting experiments.
the article reflects various interesting experiments.
that means there will be many struggles in our lives.
that means that we have so many struggles in the lab.
that country’s economy is primarily based on tourism.
that country's economy is primarily based on tourism.
students can download the materials from the website.
she received a scholarship from the state university.
several organizations work to prevent animal cruelty.
scientists are unsure when the first man left africa.
review all resources before drawing your conclusions.
preparation is important to avoid mishaps in the lab.
politics is not usually a safe topic of conversation.
please move us to the meeting room for the next hour.
pain is necessary, as it acts as a warning of danger.
our workshops are opening for all students on campus.
our company must have independent financial auditing.
number the beakers and put them away before tomorrow.
novelists write the best things that they know about.
muscle cells bring parts of the body closer together.
most people feel lonely at some point in their lives.
most of american volcanoes are hidden under the seas.
most known oil reserves last for only half a century.
listening is the key skill to succeed in this course.
it’s confidence and it's an optimism that i now have.
in market, short time thought often lead to disaster.
if you are not sure, phone student services for help.
i'm sorry but i have a previous appointment tomorrow.
i think it's one of the best things i've done really.
he's shown an interest in exciting new art movements.
he would use his brushes in new and interesting ways.
he looks as if he buys all his clothes from goodwill.
having clean water for the human is vital for health.
fast food has become very popular with many students.
even simple practices need to be conducted perfectly.
eating too much can lead to too many health problems.
don’t hesitate to email me if you have any questions.
doing nothing is not always better than taking risks.
cellular engineering strategies are highly desirable.
career opportunities in this field are quite limited.
being a vegan means not consuming any animal product.
behind the barn, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
before preparing food, make sure you wash your hands.
banks charged interests from whom they lent money to.
as for me, it is a strategy to go to judicial review.
art helps us to deepen the appreciation of our world.
anyone who feels ill should visit our medical center.
a new collection of articles has just been published.
you need to put these books on the table over there.
you need to dress gorgeously to attend the ceremony.
you need to be careful when quoting internet source.
you must establish a day and a time with your tutor.
you can retake the module if your marks are too low.
we don't accept assignments submitted after due day.
water is heated to boiling and added to the mixture.
today, we will discuss the sonnet and course papers.
this means we will have so many troubles on the lam.
this means we will have so many troubles on the lab.
this book can be borrowed for a maximum of one week.
there will be an open book exam on monday, the 28th.
there are still many people who struggle in the lab.
there are places on campus where you can't get milk.
the untapped potential use of sun rays is phenomenal
the thief visited homes of several people every day.
the teaching group will perform in the concert hall.
the sociology exam will take place in week thirteen.
the seminar will be on the next week of the quarter.
the seminar will be on the last week of the quarter.
the purpose is to build new houses for local people.
the professor will be the last speaker this evening.
the professor took one year off to work on her book.
the north campus car park could be closed on sunday.
the new biology course will be starting in february.
the module of work is more of a compositional style.
the library will stay open until midnight this week.
the lecture will cover the reason of climate change.
the impact of climate change could result in floods.
the first person in space was from the soviet union.
the economic predictions turned out to be incorrect.
the disease that was serious has now been eradicated
the development was mainly included in chapter nine.
the department works closely for business community.
the collapse of the housing market makes recessions.
the circulation desk is located on the ground floor.
the bookshop is located at the north of main campus.
the bank is hoping to tap into a fast growing market
sound waves are unable to travel through the vacuum.
she used to be everywhere, but today she is missing.
she used to be an editor of the students' newspaper.
she received the scholarship from the state library.
she began by giving an outline of previous lectures.
sea levels are expected to rise during next century.
review all materials before drawing your conclusion.
please read the chapter one of the history textbook.
physical health can be improved by regular training.
participants were not performing an actual purchase.
our log books make up a five percent of total marks.
our laboratory equipment is provided free of charge.
our future well-being depends on action we take now.
our facilities include five items in the university.
number the bricks and put them away before tomorrow.
number the beakers and put them away until tomorrow.
novelists write things about things they know about.
my tutorial class will begin on next monday morning.
my biggest concern for the future is climate change.
most students have not considered this issue before.
more muscles are used in swimming than other sports.
many species have yet to be described by biologists.
make sure you wash your hands before preparing food.
loans are only available for international students.
it isn't certain whether or not other animals dream.
it is hard to observe the reaction of the character.
in the research, data must be collected by analysis.
if you are not sure, call student services for help.
i will be in my office every day from ten to twelve.
i hope i can take early retirement before i'm sixty.
i could not save my work as my computer was crashed.
i could not save my work as my computer got crashed.
history of economics is a trick subject of research.
higher education provide treats plagiarism extremely
he was regarded as the foremost economist this year.
graduates want to find works related to their field.
government reforms have been proposed at all levels.
generally, students have unusual problems in school.
fashion trends help people to make life interesting.
economic problems caused a big rise in unemployment.
early next year there's a major auction of his work.
diet and exercise are the foundation of good health.
critical literature theories broaden interpretation.
consumer confidence has a direct influence on sales.
computer software has changed a lot since last year.
competition for the places in this course is fierce.
company software has changed a lot in the last year.
career mobility is very important for new graduates.
animals and plants have a number of cells in common.
a good scientific paper should have clear arguments.
you will study two core and three optional modules.
you should allocate your time wisely when revising.
would you pass the material text book on the table?
we will discuss these two pictures in next lecture.
we should never underestimate the power of creative
unusual patterns are making farming more difficult.
university fees are expected to increase next year.
trade finance is an important part of the business.
this is an integrated course with several elements.
this is a composed course, so make sure you attend.
this class will look at the structure of the essay.
there will be no extensions given for this project.
there are places on campus where you can get meals.
there are many good reasons to plant trees in city.
the task tomorrow will require higher level skills.
the scientists use the web to explore the problems.
the report contains the most important information.
the relevant resources are reserved in the library.
the relevant materials are reserved in the library.
the properties should be appropriately distributed.
the prevailing wind ensures the terms of something.
the new art gallery can only be visited on fridays.
the meeting will take place in the main auditorium.
the maximum production of chocolate is in the u.s..
the lecture on geology is postponed to another day.
the jobs tomorrow will require higher skill levels.
the digital revolution has changed the way we read.
the curriculum is described in the course syllabus.
the buildings looked lovely in the bright sunshine.
the balance in diet and exercise makes good health.
the assessment of this course will begin next week.
students must pass all the qualifying examinations.
speak to your tutor if you need further assistance.
some of the features are part of previous research.
she began by giving an outline of previous lecture.
rising sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
research shows the exercising makes us feel better.
remember to sign the attendance prior to the class.
please make sure you do not go over the word count.
please confirm that you have received the textbook.
physics is a detailed subject of matter and energy.
peer review is a central part of scientific method.
our log books make up five per cent of total marks.
organic food is considered to be free of chemicals.
nutrition plays a key role in athletic performance.
no more than four people can be in the lab at once.
new media journalism is an exciting field of study.
new media journalism is an exciting area for study.
natures are defined as specific chemical compounds.
my satisfaction was complete when she looked at me.
most students had not considered this issue before.
many toxins are originated from plants and animals.
many birds migrated to the warmer areas for winter.
library plays an important role in students' lives.
libraries provide a range of services for students.
i’ve always been interested in biology and physics.
it's important to keep this medicine in the fridge.
it's important for people to connect to each other.
it is acknowledged that his work is groundbreaking.
information technology has changed the way we study
i've always been interested in biology and physics.
i'd like to get a place of my own as soon as i can.
i would never feed my dog with commercial dog food.
i don't like cheese tomato sandwich on white bread.
i always have one milk in my coffee in the morning.
he's showing his work at the london gallery of art.
he would yell if he was interrupted while painting.
he started his tutorial presentation right on time.
he is regarded as the foremost economist this year.
find out how to get resources before your research.
every student has the right and ability to succeed.
every experiment should be repeated to validate it.
equality has not yet been achieved in this society.
enrolling a second major doubled my career options.
efforts are being made to reduce harmful emissions.
critical thinking is one part of a broad education.
critical literature theory broadens interpretation.
conferences are all scheduled two weeks in advance.
computer software has changed a lot since last year
cocoa in dark chocolate promotes immunity and mood.
celebrity is still the great source of controversy.
calculators may not be used during the examination.
calculators are not allowed during the examination.
calculations may not be needed in this examination.
art helps us to deep the appreciating of our world.
all the necessary information is in the assignment.
39.5% of californians didn’t speak english at home.
2000 years ago, there were few people in the world.
you should submit your essay by midnight tomorrow.
you need to hand in an essay in the next semester.
when the roots of a plant failed, foliage suffers.
we know that sleep is essential for a normal life.
we don't have enough evidence to draw conclusions.
tutors should set goals at the start of the class.
time and space are used to calculate the distance.
this material is good for the next week's seminar.
this class will look at the structure of an essay.
there is plenty of cheap accommodation off-campus.
there are still many people struggling in the lab.
there are places on campus where you can get milk.
the way people communicate is constantly changing.
the translator is not available in our department.
the theoretical proposal was challenging to grasp.
the skills of great stage actors cannot be taught.
the seminar will now take place a week on tuesday.
the public is often misled by the biased coverage.
the professor took a year off to work on her book.
the poster of this play is hung in the large hall.
the period was a golden age of english literature.
the painter is well-known for his abstract period.
the orchestra will be led by a visiting conductor.
the office said dr. smith will arrive later today.
the news is not received until the following week.
the island is located at the south end of the bay.
the history department is very active in research.
the group performance will be in the concert hall.
the economy is now on its first signs of recovery.
the architectural numbers vary in that experiment.
students must hand in their assignments by friday.
some young people find city life rather stressful.
she used to be an editor of the student newspaper.
she received a scholarship from the state library.
she doesn't pay much attention to how she dresses.
scientists still aren't sure why we need to sleep.
review all sources before drawing any conclusions.
professor gordon just called me a few minutes ago.
please ensure you do not go above word limitation.
please come to the next seminar properly prepared.
our workshops are open for all students on campus.
nurses specialize in clinical work and management.
most of these criticisms can be shown to be false.
most of the strategies are in a preclinical state.
many birds migrate to warmer areas for the winter.
library plays an important role in student’s life.
let me give you an example to explain what i mean.
it's confidence and it's optimism that i now have.
it would be extremely beneficial to work together.
it is easy to provide the definition of the world.
it is absolutely vital to allocate your resources.
i thought we would meet in the small meeting room.
i even know our baby's name when she looked at me.
graphs are often useful for geographical research.
conservation is the survival of future generation.
close the door behind you when you leave the room.
being a vegan means not consuming any animal meat.
at that time, people moved from towns to villages.
all too often people overeat without realizing it.
all the assignments are based on class discussion.
all students need to attend ten labs per semester.
all of your assignments should be due by tomorrow.
a rising population means more trees are cut down.
you must hand in your essays by midday on friday.
you must call your doctor to make an appointment.
you do not need to specialize to enjoy this book.
would you pass me the book on the left-hand side?
we need to approach communication in an open way.
we have sufficient ways to study in brain action.
we have not yet achieved equality in our society.
we can have a lecture on the morning of thursday.
we are phasing out the disposable cups on campus.
water is heated to boil and added to the mixture.
this problem is complex and difficult to explain.
this part of the story is the story of my father.
this is a prestigious program for our university.
they were struggling to pay their fees last year.
they reached the same explanation of the problem.
there will be open book exams on monday the 28th.
there is a separate reading list for each course.
there are no places left in the morning tutorial.
there are many types of governments in the world.
theories are based on the practical as discussed.
the wheelchair lift has been upgraded this month.
the vocabulary with particular meaning is jargon.
the toughest part of public transport is funding.
the theoretical proposal was challenged to grasp.
the teacher asked the group to commence the task.
the study shows the sense of recent technologies.
the student magazine is looking for a new editor.
the skills of great stage actor cannot be taught.
the seminar on writing skills has been cancelled.
the most important process of farming is weeding.
the feeling of disgust is related to the stomach.
the effect of advertising is open to much debate.
the economy now is on the first sign of recovery.
the designers will complete the plan later today.
the courses cover several aspects of the subject.
the course involves pure and applied mathematics.
the application form is available in the office .
that means we won't have any struggle in the lab.
that means we will have some struggling overlaps.
that means they have so many struggling overlaps.
science is found in society all around the world.
sales figures last year are better than expected.
restrooms are down the entrance and to the right.
rail transport is becoming more and more popular.
professor smith will be late for today's lecture.
presidential elections are held every four years.
physics is a detailed study of matter and energy.
physicist students have student module this year.
people see stars that were billions of years ago.
peer pressure has a great effect on young people.
packages are likely to be used in many computers.
our professors are hosting a business conference.
our cultural values depend on the choice we make.
new york city is famous for its ethnic diversity.
museum is closed on thursday morning every month.
most printers in the computer lab are out of ink.
it will be extremely beneficial to work together.
it is normal to wake up several times each night.
it helps you to rationally assess your arguments.
industry will discuss job opportunities for work.
in my free time, i would like to read newspapers.
historical economics is the trick of the subject.
he studied for many years with an expert painter.
having snow means no flight can take off or land.
having clean water for human is vital for health.
find out how to get sources before your research.
eating too much can lead to many health problems.
cities need to invest more money in road systems.
campus tours begin at the library this afternoon.
blue whale is the largest mammal that ever lived.
biology involves the study of life of all levels.
bad policy decisions led to the financial crisis.
art and design is a competitive field to work in.
and that creates difficult situations for people.
an undergraduate is required to do many projects.
an effective manager is always open to new ideas.
all students should attend ten labs per semester.
a good assistance is not afraid to ask questions.
you need to use a bunsen burner and a test tube.
you come with me, and the others just stay here.
would you please put the materials on the table?
would you please put the materials on the table.
we were able to contact a number of researchers.
we can all meet in the office after the lecture.
we are rethinking the solutions for the society.
we are continuing to provide learning resources.
urban planning emphasizes on expenses community.
those lectures begin promptly, so do not be late
this will make the tutoring session really slow.
this short line on the painting represents life.
this project is divided into four main sections.
this camera can identify eyes and focus on them.
these features were part of the previous system.
there will be a guest lecture in the next class.
the wheelchair lift will be upgraded this month.
the teacher explained the homework to the class.
the study of history can provide unique insight.
the slide shows there has been a minimal growth.
the real group will perform in the concert hall.
the program depends entirely on private funding.
the professor took one year working on her book.
the problem of postgraduate students is funding.
the part of the story is the story of my father.
the office hours will be changed from next term.
the laboratory near the entrance of the library,
the development is mainly included in chapter 9.
the designers will complete the plan later today
the cooperator operates a continuous assessment.
the business class can hold with local students.
the application process is longer than expected.
the aim is to reduce the risks that people take.
that means we have so many struggles in the lab.
that means they have so many struggling overlaps
sleep science is a very active area of research.
she is going to do master degree by mathematics.
purity is one feature that makes gold expensive.
please write your name on the essay cover sheet.
new technology has a role to play in innovation.
new media has an impact on human communications.
lung cancer remains a largely incurable disease.
libraries provide lots of services for students.
in my opinion, this car should be repaired soon.
if you have problems, please contact your tutor.
i thought it was thrown in a small meeting room.
i thought it was through the small meeting room.
i didn't mean to eavesdrop on your conversation.
i could not save my work as my computer crashed.
history is not a collection of dates and events.
heavy snow means no flight can take off or land.
he has landed the job in a prestigious law firm.
generally, consumers don't trust advertisements.
for human beings, breathing is a symbol of life.
everyone in this room needs to follow the rules.
every year, students pass biology course easily.
email increases the chances of miscommunication.
designers need to keep up with the social trend.
competition for places in this course is fierce.
animals grow larger and stronger to hunt better.
all staff must leave from the fire hydrant exit.
a new collection of articles has been published.
a new cafe is opening in the library's basement.
your thesis should have a fairly limited scope.
you will take on your uniform on the first day.
you need to write a proposal for your research.
without doubt, his primary motive was economic.
will those happy days ever be forgotten by you?
we should have a meeting to discuss and report.
we need to hand in the assignment by next week.
we must put great care when analyzing the data.
we must not be discouraged by setbacks in life.
we are phasing out the disposal cups on campus.
this session is not supported by documentation.
there is no entrance fee for tonight’s lecture.
the world is now getting warmer at a fast rate.
the scientists found most of the studies today.
the project is divided into four main sections.
the program depend entirely on private funding.
the professor is going to discuss the conflict.
the new professor used to work in a world bank.
the new product failed due to a lack of demand.
the majority of our decisions are not rational.
the main concepts in these events were not new.
the issue burst the exploration of the problem.
the fellow students cannot be addressed enough.
the elephant is the largest mammal on the land.
the elephant is the largest land living mammal.
the economic books are at the back on the left.
the chemistry building is actually being built.
the camera can identify eyes and focus on them.
the book was supported by many faculty members.
the application form is available in the office
the aim is to reduce the risk that people take.
that means we have several structural overlaps.
students can put their lectures on the website.
so what do the lungfish do in order to survive?
scientists show when the early men left africa.
remember students have strict ability criteria.
relevant resources are reserved in the library.
relevant materials are reserved in the library.
read the four sections before the next meeting.
one of the promises is to decrease the contest.
my laptop has crashed and cannot save any file.
meteorology is a subject of earth’s atmosphere.
meteorology is a subject of earth's atmosphere.
many diseases on the list have been eradicated.
just wait a minute. i will be with you shortly.
just wait a minute, i will be with you shortly.
it takes a long time to walk to the university.
in his lifetime, he composed most of the works.
i will be in my office every day from 11 to 12.
i want to make an appointment with the manager.
i think the university’s main campus is closed.
i think the university's main campus is closed.
his tone tonight was nothing short of jealousy.
heavy rain will fall across the city next week.
gravity makes objects attracted to one another.
for human beings breathing is a symbol of life.
food has become a political issue in the world.
diagnosis is not a discrete or limited process.
competition for places in the course is fierce.
commissioners will raise funds for authorities.
calculators may not be used in the examination.
books which are overdue will incur daily fines.
all students have their own styles of learning.
all necessary information is in the assignment.
academic problems cause a rise on unemployment.
a good way to improve vocabulary is repetition.
85% of people say they fear speaking in public.
your task is to create demand for the product.
you will be informed of the results by e-mail.
you should draw your graph on a separate page.
you can get your coffee and tea in the lounge.
you can ask your tutor for further assistance.
would you pass the book on the left hand side?
would you like to come to the gallery with me?
we could invest in effective public transport.
time and distance are used to calculate speed.
there were a lot of traffic jams this morning.
the university canteen offers so many options.
the theory has a great control of controversy.
the site is designed to be highly interactive.
the public is often misled by biased coverage.
the maximum production of chocolate is in u.s.
the main concepts in this thesis were not new.
the library is closed for monday and thursday.
the island is located at the north of the bay.
please hand in assignments at the main office.
please click the logo above to enter the site.
please be careful when using internet sources.
muscles make parts of the body close together.
modern computer memory is extended every year.
many diseases on the list have been irritated.
make sure you correctly cite all your sources.
lack of sleep can lead to changes in behavior.
it helps you rationally assess your arguments.
i used to have coffee with milk and one sugar.
i used to have a cup of coffee with one sugar.
i need more quotations to back up my argument.
farms need to adapt to the changes of climate.
farmers need to endure the changes of climate.
children can share their lunch at around noon.
children are not allowed in the chemical labs.
career management is a very important subject.
books which are overdue will incur daily fine.
being a vegan means not eating any other meat.
atoms are the basic building blocks of matter.
all students must participate in the exercise.
all old university buildings are still in use.
a teacher explains clear notes in the lecture.
a good structure shows the key points or paper
you will study two courses and three modules.
you will be tested via quiz and dissertation.
you will be informed of the results by email.
why has the project been held up for so long?
we have a lecture in the morning on thursday.
we have a lecture in the morning of thursday.
we don't teach in the same way as we used to.
unusual patterns make farming more difficult.
traffic snarled up on both sides of the road.
there is a pharmacy on campus near the store.
there are many good methods that can be used.
theories are based on practical as discussed.
theft happens to a thousand people every day.
the wildlife have been ignored by developers.
the restrooms are down the hall to the right.
the next semester has many demanding courses.
the new drug will be tested in north america.
the goal of the company is to get investment.
the gallery has shown many chinese paintings.
the economy is now showing signs of recovery.
she was always here, but today she is missed.
physics is the subject of matters and energy.
maybe it is time for me to make some changes.
many toxins originate from plants or animals.
literature can be classified in various ways.
i’m sorry for being late for today’s lecture.
it seems that language appeared from nowhere.
it is being made to reduce harmful emissions.
i spent my time really studying human beings.
honey can be used as food and health product.
fishing is a sport and a means for surviving.
each student needs to meet his or her tutors.
does the professor keep regular office hours?
but there's no context for the words we read.
basketball was created in 1891 by a physician
america is related to the chocolate industry.
all old university buildings are still in use
academic problems cause a rise in employment.
a visit to design museum will be great valued
a typical study involves society and science.
you will take your uniform on the first day.
you should enquire about the direct deposit.
you need to hand in the essay next semester.
you can get your coffee and tea in the room.
you can get a student card at the reception.
we can meet in the office after the lecture.
tom suggested another plan to the committee.
time was needed to process complex lectures.
the task tomorrow will require higher level.
the subject was complex and hard to explain.
the north car park will be closed on sunday.
the meeting has so many struggling overlaps.
the island is located far away from the bay.
the fiction books are just past the counter.
the feedback from the students was positive.
the department is doing research on biology.
the deadline of this assignment is tomorrow.
she has been in the library for a long time.
rising sales figures means a rise in demand.
please write your name on essay cover sheet.
please do not bring food into the classroom.
people tend to be least happy in middle age.
our class will be divided into three groups.
one of the elections promises to reduce tax.
most printers in the library are out of ink.
let me know if anybody struggles in the lab.
it seems that language appears from nowhere.
in the past, people ate very different food.
i used to have milk and sugar for my coffee.
humans need to use energy in order to exist.
his lecture is always useful and stimulated.
her father prevented me from talking to her.
he landed his job in a prestigious law firm.
fishing is a sport and a means for survival.
exercise reduces the risk of morbid obesity.
education is learning skills for employment.
eating too much will do harm to your health.
don’t hesitate to email me if any questions.
does the university have an ice hockey team?
cycle lanes make it safer to travel by bike.
columbia is a world leading coffee exporter.
but they haven't come to widespread use yet.
avoid confusing the causes of these changes.
a party is thrown in the small meeting room.
a computer virus has destroyed all my files.
your thesis must have a fairly large scope.
you should submit your essay next semester.
you must sign for attendance of this class.
you must sign for attendance in this class.
you can pay by cash or using a credit card.
you are trained to be a special journalist.
we must put great care when analyzing data.
we are fixing up disposable cups on campus.
three types of resources are enough for ...
this slide shows there is a minimum growth.
this graph shows there is a minimum growth.
there won't be any space for me in the car.
there are many branches of medical studies.
the stairs are to the left of the elevator.
the office opens on wednesday and thursday.
the gallery can only be visited on fridays.
the designers will complete the plan today.
the career services provide job interviews.
the car he was riding crashed into a train.
the artist used an apartment as his studio.
she told the faculty to be very supportive.
robert would live in rural areas in london.
new media is to find new areas to study in.
listening is key to succeed in this course.
let me know if anyone struggles in the lab.
junk food’s popularity relies on marketing.
it takes a long time to walk to university.
it is hard to anticipate all their actions.
i still don't understand the last sentence.
i had a sandwich and milk for my breakfast.
her father prevented me from talking to her
he has led the party for over twenty years.
get enough sleep the night before the test.
fishing is a sport and a means of survival.
every living thing begins as a single cell.
elephant is the largest land living mammal.
companies exist for money, not for society.
change in the workplace can be quite tricky
all course materials will be posted online.
a visit of design museum is greatly valued.
a laptop has been found at the biology lab.
you come with me and the others stay here.
you can contact all your tutors by e-mail.
we would like a videotape for the lecture.
we need to hand in the essay by next week.
we don’t teach the same way as we used to.
those events are not yet fully understood.
they have enough works to keep them going.
there was a lot of traffic in the morning.
there is a lot of sugar in many fast food.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays.
the illnesses and the diseases are coming.
the computer viruses destroy all my files.
she feared becoming an object of ridicule.
please turn off the lights to save energy.
junk food's popularity relies on marketing
in my opinion, the car should be repaired.
if you need help, maybe i can give a hand.
i believe children should read aloud more.
he landed a job in a prestigious law firm.
essays are easy once research is finished.
each student needs meet his or her tutors.
company exists for money, not for society.
and they might only breathe twice an hour.
a course in art will stimulate creativity.
your watch is fast, you need to reset it.
you can have your laptop during the exam.
you can contact all your tutors by email.
tom doesn't watch tv except on saturdays.
there is a lot of traffic in the morning.
the tutorial is held on the 8th of april.
the teacher explains course to the class.
the meeting has some struggling overlaps.
the large and wide table is not for sale.
the concepts in this thesis were not new.
please turn off the light to save energy.
he was an abstract expressionist painter.
food cannot be eaten in the main library.
fish is for sport, meat is for surviving.
atmosphere is composed of several layers.
and it's hard to take out the pollutants.
all the course stages are on the website.
a number of students have volunteer jobs.
you can use a laptop during the lecture.
you can pay using cash or a credit card.
would you like to videotape our lecture?
vocabulary in a special field is jargon.
there won't any space for me in the car.
there is a new chemistry test next week.
the minimal mark for distinction is 75%.
the economy is showing signs of revival.
the country has been heavily subsidized.
the body fat keeps internal organs warm.
something will be left by the conductor.
many important policies need to be made.
jonathan is seldom on time for anything.
john went rushing off down the corridor.
if you have a question, ask me by email.
fish is for sport, meat is for surviving
essay is easy once research is finished.
click the login above to enter the site.
atoms are the building blocks of matter.
a computer virus destroyed all my files.
you can keep your bags in the backroom.
we are facing the discomfort on campus.
time is needed to complete the lecture.
this lecture was meant to start at ten.
there are places where we can get milk.
there are many abstract paintings here.
the site is designed to be interactive.
the meeting has some struggle overlaps.
the artist's early work was a good buy.
students can share their foods at noon.
student shop has a range of stationery.
new media is to find new areas to study
linguistics is an analysis of language.
let's look at the economic costs first.
i’m quite aware of my own inadequacies.
i'm going to be late for my next class.
i can give you a hand if you need help.
building trust cannot happen overnight.
adults need to have more sleeping time.
you are advised to revise the project.
this lecture was meant to start at 10.
there are places that we can get milk.
the lecture was meant to start at ten.
the large, wide table is not for sale.
the illnesses and diseases are coming.
the company needs to polish its image.
i'm glad you arrived here with safety.
a good academic paper should be clear.
you can contact oil traders by email.
talented people do special marketing.
she had a great exhibition last year.
number the beakers and put them away.
media can influence humans' opinions.
i will come back to this in a moment.
all the materials are your resources.
the thought’s never crossed my mind.
the students are waiting for a meal.
plagiarism in a test is very severe.
label the beakers and put them away.
every living thing begins as a cell.
country has been heavily subsidized.
she ate a sandwich and drank juice.
he kept giving me suggestive looks.
this is interesting in parliament.
the media influence human options.
the laundry table is not for sale.
the hypothesis needs to be tested.
all old buildings are still in use
the thoughts never cross my mind.
the cart carries a single object.
salt is extracted from sea water.
he is almost never in his office.
catch the camera to see the fish.
businesses must obey regulations.
the cause and effect of problem.
he has a good collection of art.
criminal charges all of the men.
it is the members contribution.
we are able to work in a team.
the doctor was not here today.
oil only reserve half-century.
i’m glad you got here safely.
email's quick and convenient.
caged camera to see the fish.
i'm glad that you've got it.