I think it's a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
A lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
This brought about the tremendous change in the environment, with the sea level rising and creeping steadily inland.
Trade financing for the local market or the international market for exports begin from the first stop at the banks.
If you need any information about the university, you can check from information office located beside the corridor.
Spending quality time together is important for most families but unfortunately, it's not always possible to do so.
At night, sailors in the Mediterranean can see the glow from the fiery molten material that is thrown into the air.
Our university has strong partnerships with industry as well as collaborative relationships with government bodies.
Not everyone wants to keep in touch with their old school friends when they leave school, but I would like to.
I'll start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
The Resident's hall is closed prior to the closing time of the academic building at the end of the semester.
There are several reasons for this lack of interest in corporate crime, compared with other types of crime.
Export trade finance companies or agencies also provide information and support for export working capital.
The search for universal explanations plays an important role in the development of archaeological theory.
The technology they introduced meant that metal and leather goods were produced there for the first time.
Do analysts really think the producing energy is largely responsible for current environmental problems?
By the way, if you want more information about any of the trips, have a look in the student newspaper.
During the next few centuries, London became one of the most powerful and prosperous cities in Europe.
Marketing involves many activities, including doing research, developing products and promoting them.
Then we go for ones where we know there're guided tours, because this gives good focus for the visit.
An interesting feature ofthe show is that the performers are so young-the youngest is only fourteen.
Students do better when they interact with others with completely different perspectives on things.
Before you hear the rest of the talk you'll have some time to look at questions fourteen to twenty.
You must read the supplementary materials as the professor has a habit of asking questions from it.
In front of us is the car park as you can see and to the left, by the entry gate is the Gift Shop.
Organic food is grown without applying chemicals and the process is without artificial additives.
Unfortunately, their immune systems were not strong enough to fight off common earthly bacteria.
Due to the rising demand for courses, the university should also increase their academic staff.
The seminar papers should be submitted in the main office which is located behind the library.
When the demand for the course rose, university authorities took on additional academic staff.
When we are stressed, our skin releases a natural chemical, a hormone, that repels mosquitoes.
An extra lecture is about to be scheduled at the end of this week to assist you with revision.
I'm not sure really. Most research is beneficial but some can be unethical or even dangerous.
To start your visit, I'm just going to give you a brief account of the history of the museum.
In the last few weeks, we've been looking at various aspects of the social history of London.
I just want to let you know that I think you’re the most beautiful woman that I’ve ever seen.
We’ve decided to ask you to write four short pieces of hand-written coursework this semester.
Generally, consumers trust friends more than commercial information, such as advertisements.
New shores were formed and totally different creatures would have washed up onto the shores.
There is a limited amount of departmental funding which is available for qualified students.
They can tutor other students who need help for the preparation of the course and the test.
Often, the point of that advertisements is to raise awareness rather than give information.
Psychology relies on scientific methods to investigate questions and arrive at conclusions.
The café house is closed down and the snack machine is still running (throughout the night)
Studies suggest there may be a correlation between educational achievement and family size.
If she doesn't speak the language, she's not going to sit around and wait for a translator.
Gravity is extraordinarily weak and nearly impossible to study directly at a quantum level.
During an official ceremony, a memorandum of understanding was signed by the academic dean.
Advertisements have to appeal to people of different ages, socioeconomic groups and sexes.
At the end of the ice age there would have been enormous changes in animal and plant life.
Establishing and retaining intellectual leadership clearly takes strong management skills.
Almost every representative of a new idea has to struggle and suffer similar difficulties.
The interaction of climate change and soil degradation will probably aggravate conditions.
The trip for the professional training will start soon, so pack the items before we leave.
The undergraduate students are taught with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
The context is basically the background of framework surrounding the act of communication.
Some teenagers in my school are not very well-behaved but fortunately all my friends are.
In the top left corner is the Grinding Shop, where the tools were sharpened and finished.
The country suffered a series of invasion by tribes from present-day Germany and Denmark.
If she doesn't speak the language, she's not going to sit around a week for a translator.
You can find the students service desk located on the ground floor of the whole building.
Our school of arts and technology accepts applications at all points throughout the year.
You will probably need to find the nearest post-office to be able to access that service.
People get product information from advertisements, friends, family and product reviews.
It's a difficult one.If you start prohibiting some research, where do you draw the line?
Some people think that having a child is not a major responsibility but obviously it is.
Economy of scale is the increase in efficiency that occurs when more goods are produced.
People with an active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have a major illness.
Answering this/such complex question with a simple yes or no is (absolutely) impossible.
The Psychology Department is looking for volunteers to be involved in research projects.
Please sort and order the slides of the presentation according to topic and speech time.
It is argued that students can learn more in collaborative rather than individual study.
The website interface represents the stimulus that influence consumer's decision making.
Our fundamental realities, especially national needs, have seen the ability to flourish.
Expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates in a job interview.
Scientific developments often cause lots of problems so sometimes they're not worth it.
Academics need to go outside the university gates and communicate with ordinary people.
Higher numbers of patients were infected than during previous outbreaks of the illness.
During times of change they should be thinking not only about the strain on their staff
The mismatch between the intended and reported uses of the instrument has become clear.
Overcrowding, poor sanitary affected the daily lives of the majority of the population.
We are also going to be more prescriptive about what you focus on in your presentation.
In consultation with your supervisor, your thesis is approved by the faculty committee.
I would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house.
Several copies must be supplied to the university department to fulfil the requirement.
In this library, the reserve collection of books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
During the 19th century , immigrants and urban political machines helped in the voting.
The research looked at the neighborhood cooperative schemes such as community gardens.
Rather unfortunately, ads sometimes give misleading information rather than informing.
What distinguishes him from others is the dramatic use of black and white photography.
The current and conventional method has many disadvantages including the side effects.
Proteins constitute at least thirty percent of the total mass of all living organisms.
Anyone who has a problem with their accommodation should speak to the welfare officer.
A hundred years ago, Albert Einstein first published his theory of general relativity.
We want to attract the very best students regardless of their financial circumstances.
The cafe will close soon but you can use the snack machine which is running overnight.
Please switch off all electronic devices when you are attending a conference session.
This argument relies on huge advances in computer translation and speech recognition.
Residence Hall is closed prior to the academic building closing time in the semester.
Critics want the government to take this one stage further and ban the film together.
Electric cars are the future of transportation as they promise a cleaner environment.
Students with queries about this term timetables must speak to the tutor immediately.
Many undergraduate students go back home to stay with their parents after graduation.
His objection to include scientific evidence has brought a lot of controversy to him.
The characteristics of the newly discovered insects match the ones we have on record.
There's been far more research on conventional crime and far more data is available.
We've decided to ask you to write four short pieces of written coursework this year.
Applications for the course preferably have a preference over English or journalism.
One of the salient features of academic writing is the tendency to use formal words.
We are constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
His objection to include scientific evidence has brought a lot of criticisms to him.
We’re constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture closer together.
The renewable energy alternatives were the main aspect of debate during the meeting.
Do you think new developments in science often cause more problems than they solve?
Even in big companies, some bad decisions have been attributed to group conformity.
There will be a conference here next summer on using the web for academic research.
People with active lifestyles are less likely to die early or have major illnesses.
There are varying approaches to plagiarism across different university departments.
The cafeteria closes soon but the snack machine is accessible throughout the night.
Genetic and biochemical analyses have generated a detailed portfolio of mechanisms.
To answer such a complex question with a simple yes or no is absolutely impossible.
The university supplies a number of scholarships for those who have specific goals.
He was clearly saying that his neighbours always helped him in his difficult times.
The due date is cancelled, because they found many issues in the project structure.
Children, for example, are often exposed to negative role models at peer pressure.
Elephants spend some of their sleeping time standing up and some of it lying down.
The hypothesis on black hole is rendered moot as the explanation of the explosion.
Next year I'm planning to take a sabbatical so that I can travel to South America.
All students on engineering courses spent one year working on the wall experience.
Before electric lighting adults generally slept about nine or ten hours per night.
The future of English is in the hands of countries where non-native speakers live.
The modern approach to the problem is to stress the symbolic side of human nature.
Much of his research objectives are driven by his natural curiosity and instincts.
Any text or references you make should be cited appropriately in the bibliography.
Biographical information should be removed before the publication of the results..
This module develops our understanding of the theory behind advertising campaigns.
Meeting with mentors can be scheduled for students who require additional support.
All of our accommodations are within a walking distance to the academic buildings.
The office opens on Mondays and Thursdays directly following the freshman seminar.
I think it’s really difficult for an Englishman to imitate a real American accent.
Higher fees make students think more critically about what universities can offer.
By changing the body positions, we can actually express our thoughts and feelings.
The university is willing to join the joint research efforts of the local council.
The quality of our accommodation is high, but it is still affordable for students.
We would like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
Unfortunately, the two most interesting economic selection clash on my timetable.
The library is located at the other side of the campus behind the student center.
A study shows that the people’s mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
The health center is situated at the corner of the university behind the library.
This science fiction novel uses inventions of better space to create the setting.
Higher fees cause the student to look more critically at what universities offer.
By clicking this button, you agree with the terms and conditions of this website.
Our capacity to respond to national needs will determine our ability to flourish.
It is clear that there is little accurate documentation in support of this claim.
Politicians and marketing professionals have a good understanding of persuasion.
Please note that the college laboratories will be closed for cleaning next week.
The study showed that people's mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
The school should be spending all that money to construct a new science library.
Many of my friends say they want to leave home to study overseas but I wouldn't.
The wheelchair gradewalk to Russell Falls is the most popular track in the park.
I will now demonstrate how the reaction can be arrested by adding a dilute acid.
Opposition to the government tax policies is widespread across business sectors.
And in this regard, as well as in other regards this consideration is important.
It is obligatory for companies to provide details of their industrial processes.
The fertile plains in the east of the region provide excellent land for farming.
The lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policies in the United States.
Once more under the pressure of economic necessity, practice outstripped theory.
A key feature in drug development is examination of the pharmacological effects.
You should include your name and identification number on the registration form.
If you want to receive the reimbursement, you must submit the original receipts.
The course comprises twenty hours of lectures, seminars and tutorials each week.
It was a groundbreaking discovery, but they had to pay a very high price for it.
Market research surveys might be given by telephone, the internet or in person.
During some stages of sleep, your eyes move rapidly behind your closed eyelids.
Nowadays, persuasion is an important area of research within social psychology.
Surprisingly, some people actually enjoy watching advertisements on television.
This is a chance to take a risk, try something new and something that you like.
Enrollment in classes is supposed to be completed via university records system
You should include your name and identification number in the application form.
The recent technical advances have not only been big, they have also been fast.
Tuesday’s lecture on social psychology will now take place in the central hall.
One of the hardest things about starting university is finding your way around.
Organic food is growing without applying chemicals and no artificial additives.
This year we are applying to use a different type of assessment on this module.
Could you please pass the handouts along to the rest of the people in your row.
The genetic biology technology lab is located at the North Wing of the library.
The generic biology technology lab is located at the North Wing of the library.
The university has a number of travel scholarships that students can apply for.
In English, the first letters of the months of the year are always capitalized.
The process is simple, just call them or ask for a representative to guide you.
Public speaking is one of the qualities they were seeking among the candidates.
Detailed analysis of population growth has revealed some alarming predictions.
The atmosphere is very important to our lives, and we can not live without it.
People often conform during their leisure time as well as in their work hours.
An understanding of persuasive techniques should help you recognise their use.
Most people dislike advertisements but appear to be influenced by them anyway.
Via agreement with government, a fast food company restricted its advertising.
You should pre-select three to four courses that you are interested in taking.
International students can get help with locating housing near the university.
Students are held accountable for adhering to established community standards.
Novelists have a major role to play in reflecting their time to their readers.
We provide a wide range of courses to undergraduate and postgraduate students.
On behalf of our department, I would like to thank you for your participation.
After I graduated from college, I spent two years travelling around the world.
Many students are so scared of writing essays, because they never learned how.
No crop responds more readily than careful husbandry and skillful cultivation.
Research has found that there is no correlation between diet and intelligence.
The well-known economist was supposed to reread the subscription before eight.
He was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture together.
Since the problems we face are global, we need to find the relative solutions.
The books are filled with drawings of machines invented when he was a student.
You are supposed to provide your research efforts to your project coordinator.
In the winter it gets harsh, but it won’t be an issue since there is a heater.
My parents didn't have a good education so they were determined that I would.
The problems that science solves far outweigh the problems that it may bring.
Some of the worst accidents in history have been linked to sleep deprivation.
People who carry on eating junk food may suffer negative health consequences.
Even now, scientists still don't know whether animals dream while they sleep.
Psychologists use a range of techniques to study the human mind and behavior.
In the past, students were required to complete too long written assignments.
Knives and forks should be placed next to the spoon on the edge of the table.
The clear evidence between brain events and behavioral events is fascinating.
There will be a guest lecturer visiting the psychology department next month.
Our class is divided into two groups. You come with me, the others stay here.
In our campus, prospective students had access to thirteen college libraries.
Students should take advantages of the internet before attending the lecture.
Make sure the financial director knows the full details of the pay agreement.
Environmental friendliness is a new category in which campuses are competing.
The competency of the language in the assignment is to use more formal words.
Is hypothesis on black hole rendered moot as the explanation of astrophysics?
If they find you suitable, they will happily apply for your visa sponsorship.
Many people approached and were eager to help, but he didn’t want their help.
Adverts might use humor, drama or catchy slogans to grab people's attention.
The puppets do comedy routines and there is some terrific formation dancing.
The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy.
Today, we will be discussing the role of government in preventing injustice.
She sold all her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
It is important to validate all assumptions before arriving at a conclusion.
Applicants for the course preferably have a degree in English or journalism.
During that period, heavy industry grew rapidly in the north of the country.
Leading scientists speculate that numerous planets could support life forms.
The gap between the rich and the poor was not decreased rapidly as expected.
I will check again but I am pretty sure we are supposed to read chapter two.
I’ve got a tutorial in an hour and I haven’t had any time to prepare for it.
Meeting with tutors could be arranged for students who need additional help.
The student service center is located on the main campus behind the library.
Students are held accountable for adhering to establish community standards.
Students should book a library tour on the first week of the first semester.
We need to read the first five chapters to prepare for next week's tutorial.
Since the problems we face are global, we need to find the global solutions.
Applicants for the course preferably have a degree on English or journalism.
The lecture theatre one is located on the ground floor of the Pack Building.
My siblings and I were waiting for my mother to come back from the hospital.
I think we can all agree that being fluent in two languages is a good thing.
Read the fitness center instructions before attempting to use the equipment.
If you want your seminar to be postponed, make sure to get permission first.
I guess, the only way to make up for all the lost time is by doing overtime.
The financial report for the last quarter will be available this afternoon.
A new report outlines ways in which cities should address transport issues.
Parents try to influence their children by using toys and other incentives.
The plan is to phase out all cars with internal combustion engines by 2050.
It's unusual that the university should offer only one anthropology course.
Please have copies of your seminar papers in the library a week in advance.
Knife and fork should be placed next to the spoon on the edge of the table.
The test selected materials from all chapters in this course this semester.
Even with the permit, finding a parking spot on campus is still impossible.
Very little of the work of today's knowledge firm is repetitive mechanical.
I think we should get together over the weekend to discuss this assignment.
Please note the college laboratories will be closed for cleaning next week.
The University is dedicated to providing quality education to all students.
Politicians can make better decisions if they listen to the public opinion.
I would like an egg and tomatoes on white sandwich bread with orange juice.
The US ranks twenty-second in foreign aid, given it as a percentage of GDP.
I am pleased to report that many topics have been involved in this lecture.
Being a student representative on the union really cuts into my study time.
The date of the invention of the first clock was disputed among historians.
We like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
Care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups during the periods of turmoil.
Our university accommodation has a volleyball team for students to join in.
Negative discourse continues to be predominant in discussions about gender.
I am wondering if cell phones are actually just as dangerous as cigarettes.
You need to contact us regarding the weekly availability of the telescopes.
The treasure hunters were willing to take any risks to get to the location.
There are several reasons for population growth, such as better education.
Advertisements can occur in unusual places, even in the sea or in the sky.
Well, words come out of the culture that they represent and they describe.
Modern Thanksgiving was first officially established in all states in 1863
The student welfare officer can help with questions about exam techniques.
The date of the invention of the first clock is disputed among historians.
The results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detection.
A full list of bibliography is needed at the end of all filed assignments.
If you are unable to complete the task in time, please notify me by email.
There will be ample opportunities to ask questions about the presentation.
It’s the words of common occurrence that have different referential value.
The aesthetic implications of this study have not yet been fully explored.
The author expressed an idea that modern readers inevitably cannot accept.
The first few sentences of an essay should capture the readers' attention.
You can change your courses on the website during the registration period.
Arteries carry oxygenated blood from the heart to other parts of the body.
I don't like cheese and tomato sandwiches on white bread and orange juice.
Companies' projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
The library offers group study rooms, so you can work with other students.
To get further extension, you need to call the education executive on 401.
The newly discovered star was a subject to global debate about its origin.
It was impossible for me to make an arrangement of pick-up on given dates.
I've had a very happy childhood so I sometimes forget that others haven't
The university is working towards being more environmentally sustainable.
Students who wish to apply for an extension should approach their tutors.
If you are unable to complete the task in time please notify me by email.
Charles used to ride the bus to town, but now his roommate drives him in.
Doctor Green's office has been moved to the second floor of the building.
Remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the lecture hall.
Due to rising for courses, universities should increase their staff, too.
Australian economy depends heavily on revenue from tourism and education.
The research paper should begin with a thorough review of the literature.
Try to explain how your ideas are linked so that there is a logical flow.
Most scientists believe that climate change threatens lives on the earth.
Globalization has been an overwhelming urban and urbanization phenomenon.
I didn't agree with the author’s argument, but his presentation was good.
Companies need to satisfy customers’ needs if they want to be successful.
As a student union member, we can influence the change of the university.
Your tutor is there for help, so do ask if you don't understand anything.
Students who wish to join the summer camp, should enroll by this weekend.
Are you supposed to complete the assignment without any help from others?
Can you help me complete this new questionnaire that university asks for?
Usually but not always, reviews provided unbiased source of information.
Even during leisure time you can hear attempts to persuade or influence.
Here in this area, you shouldn't find any huge social problems nowadays.
The campus tour will help you get familiar with the teaching facilities.
Please register your student email account at your earliest convenience.
The tutor is there for help, so do ask if you don't understand anything.
You don’t have to be on Professor Smith’s course to attend this lecture.
Hypothetically, insufficient mastery in the areas slows future progress.
The politics combine both the legislative and the political authorities.
Before choosing your university course, you should consider your career.
Basketball was created in 1891 by a physician and a physical instructor.
The current statistical evidence indicates the need of further research.
The inherent tension between these two features remains to be addressed.
This small Indian state is a land of forests, valleys and snowy islands.
The trial is to increase the interest of the issue and the jurisdiction.
Essays with few or no citations will raise the concern of the lecturers.
Internet provides unusual opportunities for students and current events.
The university supplies a number of scholarships for qualified students.
This is how we deliver health care to millions of people over the world.
Robert Frost thinks the rural area is livable for people in new England.
Please read the first five chapters to prepare for next week's tutorial.
It is necessary to solve the equation to determine the unknown variable.
You need to change your username and password, as soon as we recover it.
I really don't think so.Scientists should be free to do what they like.
Another is an electric bus with an open bottom for cars to drive under.
Care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups in the times of infection.
We are not going to accept the assignment after the due date on Friday.
Your enrollment information, results and fees will be available online.
39.5% California residents speak a language other than English at home.
The real reason for global hunger is not the lack of food, but poverty.
Our professor is hosting the business development conference next week.
The new hypothesis needs to be tested with a new controlled experiment.
Physiology is the study of internal and external structure of the body.
Quality of life is an important measure on which the cities are ranked.
The tutor is there to help, so do ask if you don’t understand anything.
Tomorrow's lunchtime seminar on nuclear engineering has been postponed.
This process has enabled the rational identification of core machinery.
The number of students registering for postgraduate research has risen.
All essays and semester papers submitted must be emailed to your tutor.
Next time, we will discuss the influence of the media on public policy.
Financial support can be offered to help pay your fees and other costs.
You need a valid visa letter from the department to join the workforce.
Some people suggest a levy on junk food to discourage its consumption.
The amount of sleep that adults need doesn't change as they get older.
First of all, a lot of students don't even know how to type very fast.
Copying from the internet threatens to damage your chances of success.
It's important that humans dispose of their waste in appropriate ways.
Fees are heavily discounted and bursaries are available for delegates.
We didn't have any noticeable variance between the two or three tasks.
Information is being given to readers in a format that looks familiar.
During the second term, you are supposed to submit one essay per week.
You can find the student service center on level one of Home Building.
I've got a tutorial in an hour and haven't had time to prepare for it.
We will see if we can get through this without too many interruptions.
The geographic assignment should be submitted by the midday of Friday.
I think of those leaders who inspire us to go beyond the call of duty.
Back in the 1940s and 1950s people were smoking cigarettes frequently.
Biology is the backbone of many specialized courses in the university.
Next time, we'll discuss the influence of the media on public policy.
It's important that people with responsible jobs get plenty of sleep.
I can't afford to take a gap year unless I can get a job and save up.
Absolutely, I don't think anyone should try to interfere with nature.
You'll find the economics section on the second floor of the library.
There is a position available for a Junior Lecturer in Media Studies.
Don't forget to do a library tour on the first week of your semester.
Portfolio is due to the internal review office no later than Tuesday.
I know how to solve the problem, but I’ve been asked not to tell you.
If your parents come to visit you this semester where will they stay?
In Europe, the political pressure is similar regarding globalization.
Many privately owned firms have been eaten up by larger corporations.
There are varying plagiarism across different university departments.
This is the third time you’ve asked for an extension on this project.
He was not the only one to call for legal reform in the 16th century.
Please pass the handouts along to the rest of the people in your row.
A study skill semester is on for the students who require assistance.
Conferences are always scheduled on the third Wednesday of the month.
Journalism is the collection and publication or transmission of news.
Native discourse continues to be predominant in discussion of gender.
Modern poetry often tests the conventions of language and the rhythm.
The university will introduce several new courses in the coming year.
In my free time, I would like to read current affairs and newspapers.
If you have a driving license, getting a job would be easier for you.
But we have confirmed the date and planned the optional extra visits
Teenagers more than most age groups feel strong pressure to conform.
Newspapers are supported primarily by the sale of advertising space.
Volcanoes have played a key role in forming and modifying the earth.
First of all, courses are listed on our website before registration.
There will be a significant rise in tuition fees starting next year.
Don't forget to do a campus tour on the first week of your semester.
Acupuncture is a technique involved in traditional Chinese medicine.
I expect a long and stagnant debate for a week or two on this issue.
A study skill seminar is on for the students who require assistance.
Basketball was created in 1891 by a physician in physical structure.
Many health workers think that pensioners are too old to understand.
Costs can be calculated once the critical path has been established.
Factor such as cost and function influence the design of the bridge.
Government policies, though tough, have been a blessing in disguise.
The agricultural sector in that country has been heavily subsidized.
The School of Arts and Design has an open day on Thursday next week.
There is varying plagiarism across different university departments.
Does the college refectory offer vegetarian dishes on a daily basis?
The study of archaeology requires intensive international fieldwork.
Many medical volunteers no longer have access to medical literature.
The problem with this is that it fails to answer the basic question.
I thought the mid-term exam was only worth half of our course grade.
Put the knife and fork next to the spoon near the edge of the table.
Sport is the cause of traumatic brain injuries in the United States.
Spiritualism is defined as a system of belief or religious practice.
The timetable will be posted on the website before the class starts.
The books reserved in the library can be borrowed for up to 3 hours.
Lots of students had money and passports stolen especially at night.
If you forget your password, you need to contact the student center.
Proficiency in a foreign language may be demonstrated by assessment.
Those students have to retake the module if their marks are too low.
A group of former students are reminiscing about their college days.
If you forget your passport, you need to contact the student center.
If you forget your password, you need to contact the student center.
Factors such as cost and function influence the design of a bridge.
My favorite place in my hometown is the main park located downtown.
The conference is predicted to draw greater numbers than last year.
Nowadays, boys and girls still often conform to gender stereotypes.
Students can avoid viruses by eating lots of fruits and vegetables.
The final year will consist of four taught courses and one project.
Sydney is Australia's largest city, chief port and cultural center.
This office is highly associated with your academic life in campus.
Professor Clayton donated some of her books to the college library.
The Drama Society is now auditioning for parts in the student play.
The smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution.
The medical centre is located near the supermarket on North Street.
Traffic is very bad in the evening; therefore, we must leave early.
The topic next week on colonialism will be the nuclear disarmament.
A preliminary bibliography is due the week before the spring break.
Environmentalism is a category in which universities are competing.
The city needs improved infrastructure to attract more investments.
Quantitative and temporal parameters of food consumption were used.
Some methods for clinical applications have been presented as well.
They say Professor James's lectures are always interesting and fun.
Allergy problems do run in the family, but we don’t understand why.
A renowned economist is selected to have a speech tonight at eight.
It is good for the environment also good for your electricity bill.
You must ensure you do not include too much irrelevant information.
Scholarship applications must be handed in at the end of the month.
It is utmostly important that you don't rely on translation online.
Students can download the lecture handouts from the course website.
Did you know that to become more fluent, you need lots of practice?
There is a new pharmacy on the north side of the university campus.
The number of people in the world tripled during the last century.
Absolutely, I mean scientific development can be a positive thing.
Fatigue is a factor in a significant proportion of road accidents.
It gradually spread to many places throughout Europe by the 1600s.
He would yearn for the chance to learn from the well-known artist.
Don't be afraid to leave part of research problem for future work.
Parents should provide guidance and examples to children's values.
Rules about break and lunch time vary from one country to another.
The original Olympic Games were celebrated as religious festivals.
The verdict depends on which side was more convincing to the jury.
If you forgot your student number, you should contact Jenny Brize.
Of course, you can also choose to have your grades emailed to you.
The lecture management in Japan will take place in the week seven.
There are lots of people competing for places in computer courses.
To receive the reimbursement, you must keep the original receipts.
We are not going to accept the assignment after due day on Friday.
We need to make sure the school principal knows about the changes.
The most modern agricultural equipment is now extremely expensive.
The company number of bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
Companies are offering us all kinds of internet connected devices.
The burning of fossil fuels leads to pollution and global warming.
The book is informative but it could be accused of political bias.
To be precise, your assignments need an abstract at the beginning.
It takes just over eight minutes for sunlight to reach our planet.
What is the best possible way to get the work permit for this job?
Unlike applied arts, fine arts do not serve a practical function.
The media are to blame for excessive promotion of unhealthy food.
He needs to talk to you about your industrial architecture class.
In just 12 years, the global population rose from 6 to 7 billion.
Social robots can show different facial expressions and emotions.
All students are encouraged to vote in the forthcoming elections.
Students need to finish their assignments during next four weeks.
When I was in school, I had many of the same problems you do now.
I spoke to him in English, but I couldn’t make myself understood.
Parental expectations are a major cause of stress among students.
Would you prepare some PowerPoint slides with appropriate graphs?
You are not permitted to take reference books out of the library.
That brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
She doesn't even care about anything but what is honest and true.
Students who selected two to three courses may need an extension.
Student discount cards can be used on campus in the coffee house.
This essay examined the use of computer in the science classroom.
The context includes both the land history and the human history.
Don’t forget to hand in your assignments by the end of next week.
The contest includes both the land history and the human history.
We offer a broad range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses.
Does the government in your country help families that need help?
Companies are aiming to earn the money not to change the society.
The United States has developed a coffee culture in recent years.
A thorough bibliography is needed at the end of every assignment.
I look forward to meeting you and helping you realize your goals.
Advertisements are all around us wherever we go, whatever we do.
Visual aids can make presentations clearer and more interesting.
The lecture on child psychology has been postponed until Friday.
Conformity involves acting or thinking like other group members.
If little action is taken, we could experience energy shortages.
In 1880, cycling became a major phenomenon in the United States.
The brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
Tutorials are held for two hours every Thursday during semester.
All the assignments should be submitted by the end of this week.
Please prepare a PowerPoint presentation for tomorrow's meeting.
Facebook is one of the most popular websites in the world today.
All students and staff have the access to printers and scanners.
Exam results will be available next week from the course office.
Scientists are getting closer to the answers of these questions.
There is little evidence available to contradict his viewpoints.
In our city, students have access to thirteen college libraries.
Students are not allowed to take the journal out of the library.
Hemoglobin carries oxygen from lungs to other parts of the body.
The television output is giving evident educational programming.
The largest department in this university is history department.
The lecture will deal with the influence of technology on music.
You will be less stressed if you are well prepared for the exam.
Newspapers across the world are reporting stories of presidents.
Please prepare a PowerPoint presentation for tomorrow’s meeting.
Ideally, free trade is beneficial for trading with two partners.
Humans have the ability to mentally say over 700 words a minute.
To be honest, the scholarships are reserved to boost admissions.
Sometimes ads promote a brand rather than a particular product.
But overall, surely scientific development is a positive thing?
There are on-going problems with over-consumption of junk food.
The artist is exhibiting in the national art gallery next year.
It's my opinion that technological advances will begin to slow.
To acquire a copy of the presentation, please go to my website.
Please sign your name here if you want to join the social club.
England is parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy.
This course will examine some of the profound ethical dilemmas.
Lecture theater is located on the ground floor of the building.
Reserved collection of books can be borrowed up to three hours.
I can't attend the lecture because I have a doctor appointment.
On this project, you will be asked to work as a group of three.
We need to hand in our assignments by the end of the/this week.
Arteries carry blood from heart to the other parts of the body.
I didn’t attend yesterday’s lecture. Could I borrow your notes?
Many of the urban poor lived in an extremely cramped condition.
Students are competing for every place in the computer courses.
We didn't mean to ask him to do it because he cannot manage it.
The program will be shown on the television during the weekend.
We are so dependent on computer that we cannot live without it.
The bookstore is located on the main campus behind the library.
Elderly people can sometimes lose their connection to society.
Please leave any questions related to the topic until the end.
The bus will depart from outside of the building in 5 minutes.
In the middle ages, a disease caused world population to fall.
Most teaching staff make their lecture notes available online.
You must be willing to accept any of your choices you selected
The visiting professor is going to give a lecture for geology.
The English word Typhoon comes from the Chinese word big wind.
The fire left the area almost completely devoid of vegetation.
All filed assignments should have a full list of bibliography.
I must see him before he flies out to London for about a week.
I didn’t understand the author’s point of view on immigration.
Staying near the place of work saves precious hours every day.
The bus in front of the building will take you to bus station.
To improve the essay, I decided to include more direct quotes.
Visual aids can make presentations clear and more interesting.
We are delighted to have professor Robert to join our faculty.
You must complete this chapter before going to the field trip.
You can download all lecture handouts from the course website.
Storytelling is a common teaching technique in many countries.
At the 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in America.
Vessels carry blood from the heart to other parts of the body.
The application form must be submitted before the end of term.
More females than males graduated from universities last year.
This can be seen as the starting point of my discussion today.
All source of materials must be included in your bibliography.
Many of the universities' original buildings are still in use.
If you knew how to get there in time, why didn't you tell him?
Extra seminars will be scheduled to assist you with revision.
I've always wanted to get a degree in electronic engineering.
Larger numbers of city residents means greater car ownership.
Psychology is the study of the mental processes and behavior.
The Romans left in 410 at the beginning of the fifth century.
Many of the urban poor lived in extremely cramped conditions.
Could you pass the material to students that are in your row?
Apple is expected to announce several new products this fall.
I found a large rock and I broke through the basement window.
Students are not allowed to take journals out of the library.
When we think about communication we think about interaction.
You must take 3 core and 2 elective courses in this semester.
A science-based approach is vital for effective advancements.
The aim of the work presented could be formulated as follows.
All undergraduate students should participate in the seminar.
Doing this research makes me think of the purpose of science.
Most university teaching take place in lectures and seminars.
Please finish all the reading chapters before the field trip.
The recent study has thrown out the validity of the argument.
The visiting professor is going to give a lecture on geology.
The older equipment has been put at the back of the building.
She is an expert of the eighteenth century French literature.
There will be an open book exam on Monday, the twenty-eighth.
Animals grow larger and stronger to help them to hunt better.
We will study the following two pictures in the next lecture.
Much of the evidence used has only recently become available.
Our tutorial will take place on the second floor in room one.
In most cases, quality products don't need much advertising.
University students pay a lot of money for their educations.
One solution is a system of electric cars to hire on-demand.
The economic class will take place in the main lecture room.
Extra seminar's to be scheduled to assist you with revision.
The opposition has so far been unresponsive to our proposal.
Chapter one provides the historical background to the topic.
This semester we plan to specialize in education psychology.
Most students in last year's course did well in this module.
All students and staff have access to printers and scanners.
It’s time to finalize the work before the Wednesday seminar.
Most of the assignments should be submitted on the same day.
39.5% of Californian residents do not speak English at home.
Essays with few or no citations will be regarded as invalid.
The results will be available in the main course and online.
This can be used as a starting point of my discussion today.
It's time to finalize the work before the Wednesday seminar.
Please make sure all works follow the department guidelines.
The key to success in the exam is to study hard and do well.
Wearing a mask is one of the best ways to curb the pandemic.
Street lighting allows people to walk home safely at night.
The supplementary energy sources are needed after exertion.
There is disagreement among researchers about why we dream.
I'd like to start a family when I'm about thirty years old.
Our friends give us emotional support, although not always.
There are no scheduled classes during the final exam weeks.
The original Olympic game is one kind of original festival.
The professor has promised to put his lecture notes online.
To understand its entity, we need to go back to its origin.
The coffee is free for the university students on weekdays.
You need to give a better example to support your argument.
Folk tales are passed orally from generation to generation.
Please make sure all works follow the department deadlines.
Could you please pass the handouts to students in your row?
Those reference books are too old, while the others are OK.
Farmers do not always receive price for agricultural goods.
Reserve collection books can be borrowed up to three hours.
The books in the library can be borrowed up to three hours.
The minimum mark for Distinction grade is no less than 75%.
Student loans are now available for international students.
The timetable for the new term will be available next week.
Newspapers across the world reported stories of presidents.
Anonymous behaviors can be identified without intervention.
It's just a feeling having tried something new and succeed.
You can only choose one subject from biology and chemistry.
All applications of internship are available in the office.
Some young people seem to be addicted to their cell phones.
In the end, it's what people like to eat that's important.
Our lecture on robotic engineering takes place on Tuesday.
We should attempt to lower the amount of traffic on roads.
Today we are going to move on to the next chapter-volcano.
There is no guarantee that you will get your first choice.
My tutorial class will begin on the next Monday's morning.
The university celebrated the Earth Day by planting trees.
Interpreters are not readily available in this department.
Mary has nobody to talk with, but she doesn’t feel lonely.
The latest version of the operating system has many flaws.
The investigation aims to establish stains of the problem.
You must go to the reception to pick up your student card.
It provides an opportunity to work with other disciplines.
The United States has the maximum production of chocolate.
The information on the internet is becoming more reliable.
In 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in America.
The number of bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
The technician left the new microscope in the biology lab.
If you need help, I can give you a hand in finding a flat.
It's difficult for us to control our feelings of disgust.
An increase in population will result in fewer resources.
Feelings of nerves are common to all university freshers.
Public transport is the best way to travel to university.
The Law Library is closed on Sundays and public holidays.
It is one of the oldest original parts of our university.
Most adults need around eight hours of sleep every night.
New timetables will be posted on the student noticeboard.
There are hundreds of clubs and societies to choose from.
Most students are not eligible to claim housing benefits.
The professor will talk about the summary in the lecture.
However, this method is problematic in terms of accuracy.
We are warning the clients that the rates are increasing.
Student services provide help with housing and transport.
Anatomy is the study of internal and external structures.
The chemistry exam results will be posted on the website.
Distance learning has become far more popular these days.
Students must observe lab safety regulations at all time.
The law library is closed on Sundays and public holidays.
The hypothesis needs to be tested in a more rigorous way.
In marketing, short-term thinking leads to many problems.
There are a range of housing options near the university.
Diagnosis is not a single event, but an evolving process.
The free trades are mutually beneficial for two partners.
Please be careful when using online translation programs.
Globalization problems need to find globalized solutions.
If you have an extra pair of shoes, may I have it please?
When we talk, we use tone and expressions to understand.
Nine out of ten British people live in towns and cities.
It is important that you work as a team on this project.
The students union governs the use of the sports center.
Basically, marketing is about making people want to buy.
This article covers who, where and when of the conflict.
In English, the month of the year is always capitalized.
It isn’t easy when comes to the definition of this word.
The chief executive reads several new books every month.
There's an hourly bus service from the campus into town.
His academic supervisor called in to see him last night.
We would like a first draft of the assignment by Monday.
In marketing short term thinking leads to many problems.
We developed a method for evaluation of dynamic changes.
The Arts Magazine is looking for a new Assistant Editor.
It is within the framework that we’re making our survey.
The timetable for next term will be available next week.
You are required to submit the assignment before Friday.
You should go to the reception to get your student card.
Contemporary commentators dismiss his idea as eccentric.
Our exam results are consistently high in all subjects.
People see ads on the internet, on TV and in magazines.
Having a shower before going to bed can help you sleep.
Robots are able to communicate with humans around them.
This number went up very slowly over several centuries.
In 2011, the population of the world reached 7 Billion.
A periodical is a publication that is issued regularly.
I was overwhelmed with too much irrelevant information.
I think it's one of the best things I have done really.
This part of session is not supported by documentation.
Please explain what the author means by sustainability.
There has been a rapid growth in the commercial market.
I'm afraid Professor Jones doesn't suffer fools gladly.
You can only choose one subject from biology and media.
History is not a simple collection of dates and events.
Most of the lectures begin promptly, so do not be late.
We are required to submit the assignment before Friday.
Ideally, free trade is beneficial to both the partners.
He was regarded as the foremost economist at that time.
The speaker mentioned two things that affect happiness.
One theory says that dreams help the long-term memory.
Let's all meet at four, not three as we agreed before.
Conformity to the wrong group can be rather dangerous.
Next week's assignment will be similar to last week's.
Some species of birds can sleep while they are flying.
Students can get access to computers on a daily basis.
Here is only one example but there are lots of others.
I’m afraid Professor Jones didn’t suffer fools gladly.
Meteorology is a detailed study of earth’s atmosphere.
You should raise your concern with the head of school.
The chief economist has radical ideas for the economy.
The registration for courses is open for new students.
Without doubt, his primary motive was economic growth.
To measure distance could take as much as three weeks.
Many of the most popular courses are available online.
I don't understand what the comment of my essay means.
The college welcomes students from all over the world.
In the dark, before the dawn, the plane was assembled.
Children are not allowed to be in the lab at any time.
The history of economics is a tricky subject to study.
Fossil fuel companies know how to stop global warming.
He's shown an interest in exciting new art movements.
He would use his brushes in new and interesting ways.
Most people feel lonely at some point in their lives.
Anyone who feels ill should visit our medical center.
Most of American volcanoes are hidden under the seas.
Eating too much can lead to too many health problems.
The result of the study will be published next month.
As for me, it is a strategy to go to judicial review.
The chemistry building is still open during vacation.
That country's economy is primarily based on tourism.
Cellular engineering strategies are highly desirable.
Students can download the materials from the website.
The new English class will start next Monday morning.
Being a vegan means not consuming any animal product.
The impact of climate change could result in floods.
You must establish a day and a time with your tutor.
I hope I can take early retirement before I'm sixty.
Early next year there's a major auction of his work.
Our future well-being depends on action we take now.
It isn't certain whether or not other animals dream.
The seminar will be on the last week of the quarter.
Our log books make up a five percent of total marks.
I could not save my work as my computer got crashed.
Critical literature theories broaden interpretation.
Company software has changed a lot in the last year.
The bookshop is located at the north of main campus.
The purpose is to build new houses for local people.
We don't accept assignments submitted after due day.
You can retake the module if your marks are too low.
You need to be careful when quoting Internet source.
The professor will be the last speaker this evening.
Participants were not performing an actual purchase.
Computer software has changed a lot since last year.
I will be in my office every day from ten to twelve.
She used to be everywhere, but today she is missing.
Number the beakers and put them away until tomorrow.
The department works closely for business community.
Sea levels are expected to rise during next century.
He would yell if he was interrupted while painting.
It's important for people to connect to each other.
There will be no extensions given for this project.
2000 years ago, there were few people in the world.
He's showing his work at the London Gallery of Art.
I'd like to get a place of my own as soon as i can.
The meeting will take place in the main auditorium.
He started his tutorial presentation right on time.
Trade finance is an Important part of the business.
We will discuss these two pictures in next lecture.
The maximum production of chocolate is in the U.S..
I don't like cheese tomato sandwich on white bread.
It is acknowledged that his work is groundbreaking.
I’ve always been interested in biology and physics.
The buildings looked lovely in the bright sunshine.
It's important to keep this medicine in the fridge.
I've always been interested in biology and physics.
Would you pass the material text book on the table?
Please come to the next seminar properly prepared.
All too often people overeat without realizing it.
There is plenty of cheap accommodation off-campus.
Scientists still aren't sure why we need to sleep.
The painter is well-known for his abstract period.
We know that sleep is essential for a normal life.
We don't have enough evidence to draw conclusions.
All the assignments are based on class discussion.
Most of these criticisms can be shown to be false.
This material is good for the next week's seminar.
Most of the strategies are in a preclinical state.
The office said Dr. Smith will arrive later today.
Conservation is the survival of future generation.
Being a vegan means not consuming any animal meat.
The translator is not available in our department.
Professor Gordon just called me a few minutes ago.
Cities need to invest more money in road systems.
It is normal to wake up several times each night.
There are no places left in the morning tutorial.
The feeling of disgust is related to the stomach.
He studied for many years with an expert painter.
And that creates difficult situations for people.
This part of the story is the story of my father.
Professor Smith will be late for today's lecture.
New York City is famous for its ethnic diversity.
There will be open book exams on Monday the 28th.
The application form is available in the office .
The seminar on writing skills has been cancelled.
The vocabulary with particular meaning is jargon.
In my free time, I would like to read newspapers.
The wheelchair lift has been upgraded this month.
This is a prestigious program for our university.
The theoretical proposal was challenged to grasp.
We need to approach communication in an open way.
A new cafe is opening in the library's basement.
New technology has a role to play in innovation.
This short line on the painting represents life.
Generally, consumers don't trust advertisements.
Sleep science is a very active area of research.
This will make the tutoring session really slow.
Email increases the chances of miscommunication.
The development is mainly included in chapter 9.
Every year, students pass biology course easily.
If you have problems, please contact your tutor.
History is not a collection of dates and events.
Would you please put the materials on the table.
You come with me, and the others just stay here.
You need to use a Bunsen burner and a test tube.
So what do the lungfish do in order to survive?
Without doubt, his primary motive was economic.
Just wait a minute, I will be with you shortly.
I think the university's main campus is closed.
We must not be discouraged by setbacks in life.
There is no entrance fee for tonight’s lecture.
You need to write a proposal for your research.
This session is not supported by documentation.
The new professor used to work in a world bank.
All necessary information is in the assignment.
The professor is going to discuss the conflict.
We must put great care when analyzing the data.
Meteorology is a subject of earth's atmosphere.
Diagnosis is not a discrete or limited process.
My laptop has crashed and cannot save any file.
I will be in my office every day from 11 to 12.
For human beings breathing is a symbol of life.
85% of people say they fear speaking in public.
Lack of sleep can lead to changes in behavior.
We could invest in effective public transport.
Would you like to come to the gallery with me?
You will be informed of the results by e-mail.
Please hand in assignments at the main office.
Would you pass the book on the left hand side?
All students must participate in the exercise.
Children are not allowed in the chemical labs.
Being a vegan means not eating any other meat.
Books which are overdue will incur daily fine.
I need more quotations to back up my argument.
I used to have a cup of coffee with one sugar.
I used to have coffee with milk and one sugar.
Children can share their lunch at around noon.
Please be careful when using internet sources.
But there's no context for the words we read.
There are many good methods that can be used.
The gallery has shown many Chinese paintings.
Maybe it is time for me to make some changes.
Does the professor keep regular office hours?
She was always here, but today she is missed.
Physics is the subject of matters and energy.
Theories are based on practical as discussed.
The new drug will be tested in North America.
I spent my time really studying human beings.
Fishing is a sport and a means for surviving.
You should enquire about the direct deposit.
Cycle lanes make it safer to travel by bike.
She has been in the library for a long time.
You can get a student card at the reception.
Humans need to use energy in order to exist.
It seems that language appears from nowhere.
Columbia is a world leading coffee exporter.
Please write your name on essay cover sheet.
But they haven't come to widespread use yet.
His lecture is always useful and stimulated.
In the past, people ate very different food.
A computer virus has destroyed all my files.
Please do not bring food into the classroom.
Eating too much will do harm to your health.
Don’t hesitate to email me if any questions.
I used to have milk and sugar for my coffee.
Most printers in the library are out of ink.
People tend to be least happy in middle age.
Her father prevented me from talking to her.
The artist used an apartment as his studio.
Change in the workplace can be quite tricky
I still don't understand the last sentence.
The car he was riding crashed into a train.
Elephant is the largest land living mammal.
She told the faculty to be very supportive.
You can pay by cash or using a credit card.
Every living thing begins as a single cell.
There won't be any space for me in the car.
He has led the party for over twenty years.
All course materials will be posted online.
There is a lot of sugar in many fast food.
A course in art will stimulate creativity.
And they might only breathe twice an hour.
Company exists for money, not for society.
The computer viruses destroy all my files.
I believe children should read aloud more.
We don’t teach the same way as we used to.
She feared becoming an object of ridicule.
We would like a videotape for the lecture.
They have enough works to keep them going.
He was an abstract expressionist painter.
And it's hard to take out the pollutants.
The tutorial is held on the 8th of April.
Your watch is fast, you need to reset it.
The concepts in this thesis were not new.
Fish is for sport, meat is for surviving.
Jonathan is seldom on time for anything.
You can pay using cash or a credit card.
The minimal mark for distinction is 75%.
Would you like to videotape our lecture?
John went rushing off down the corridor.
Vocabulary in a special field is jargon.
The artist's early work was a good buy.
There are many abstract paintings here.
I'm going to be late for my next class.
Let's look at the economic costs first.
I can give you a hand if you need help.
This lecture was meant to start at 10.
The lecture was meant to start at ten.
I'm glad you arrived here with safety.
She had a great exhibition last year.
Number the beakers and put them away.
Country has been heavily subsidized.
She ate a sandwich and drank juice.
He kept giving me suggestive looks.
The thoughts never cross my mind.
He is almost never in his office.
He has a good collection of art.
The doctor was not here today.
Email's quick and convenient.
I’m glad you got here safely.
I'm glad that you've got it.