Even if you have used cosmetics for years without problems, one or more ingredients can still trigger an allergic reaction.
Some people regarded this as eyewash whereas some people asked for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
Americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproductive development in quantitative terms.
Law is beneficial to investors by protecting their rights and avoiding any improper actions in the market.
Americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproduction in quantitative terms.
Many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education's online learning resources.
The teacher required students to attend a ceremony held in the playground in the summer vacation.
Accountancy students probably have a good understanding of economics, statistics and psychology.
Electronic devices can help students to complete their assignments faster than ever before.
The library has a number of collections of historical and social statistical publications.
Statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on the circumstances.
We support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forecasting.
We support to do research in the field of archaeology such as forecasting and estimation.
Remember, the prestigious election of student membership has strict eligibility criteria.
And in that regard, as well as in other regards, it stands as an important contribution.
Recession triggers creativity and high rates of entrepreneurship due to past experience.
Submitting your group assignment must be issued punctually by one of your group members.
Final year business students have to write a five-thousand-word essay on market trends.
Our food supply now contains too much sugar that our metabolic system cannot handle it.
In consultation with your supervisor, your thesis is approved by the faculty committee.
Overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the lives of the majority of the population.
Practicing time-restricted eating a few times a week can be both feasible and healthy.
The development in the information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
University departments carefully monitored articles and other publications by faculty.
When bad drove out good, the local workers were more difficult than their competitors.
Undergraduates may need to pursue some specific interests within the specific program.
Mechanical evolution became a predominant phenomenon during the Industrial Revolution.
Climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among a group of reputable scientists.
Public perception about biotechnology is crucial for developing scientific consensus.
University departments should carefully monitor articles and publications by faculty.
The artists tied with the conservative politicians earned their own roles of critics.
Undergraduate students can select what interests them most in the scientific program.
There may be financial concerns in the research, for example, funding considerations.
Certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by a logical deduction.
Organizational failure is considered in various perspectives in academic literature.
Students should take advantage of the online resources before attending the lecture.
The researchers are disappointed that their materials are proved to be inconclusive.
The course covers architecture planning and construction on the international scale.
University departments carefully monitor articles and other publications by faculty.
Create a playlist of your favorite music to help you relax in difficult situations.
People with active lifestyles are less likely to die early or have major illnesses.
Please note, submission deadlines are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances.
Scientists learned through the observations and the analysis of the human behavior.
The archaeologist's new discoveries stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
The theme of the instrumental work exhibited more of a demure, compositional style.
While reconciliation is desirable, basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
Accountant students should have a good understanding of profit and loss statement.
Although sustainable development is not easy, it is an unavoidable responsibility.
Artists, other than politicians, played their own roles as critics of the culture.
Certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by logical deduction.
Rising inflation means increasing goods prices and decreasing demand for products.
There are many concerns about the research, for example, financial considerations.
Industries now bring more job opportunities than agriculture and fishing combined.
Read the student safety instructions before using any equipment in the workshops.
Those who seek for formal extension should contact their faculty for information.
The findings of researchers are focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
Marine environment has been destroyed by pollution and unsustainable development.
Accounting students should have good understanding of profit and loss statements.
Philosophers used logic and reasons to analyze the human behaviors or experiences
The finding shows that dark chocolate can improve your immunity, mood and health.
Foods containing too much sugar and calories have little or no nutritional value.
All industries can be thought of a system as input, process, output and feedback.
We aim to develop the partnership with the government and financial institutions.
Before submitting your dissertation, your advisor must approve your application.
I will now demonstrate how the reaction can be arrested by adding a dilute acid.
In addition to the requirements, students must pass the qualifying examinations.
Please remember to bring a highlighter and your textbook to class next Thursday.
The article considered the leisure habits of teenagers in rural areas or places.
The artists other than politicians earned credits of their own roles as critics.
The findings of researchers are focused on the cause of diseases and treatments.
The most striking thing about this budget smartphone cannot be seen on its face.
Those seeking for formal extension should contact their faculty for information.
The artistic ties to the conservative politicians earned their roles of critics.
Students must attend the safety course before entering the engineering workshop.
It is interesting to observe the development of the language skills of toddlers.
The artistic ties to conservative politicians earned their own roles of critics.
When sentencing, the court will depend on whether the criminal is guilty or not.
When the court pronounces the sentence, the judge will see if she is regretting.
Mutually exclusive events can be described as either complementary or opposite.
The artists tied with the conservative politicians earned the roles of critics.
Mechanical engineering first became prominent during the Industrial Revolution.
We are more able to accommodate postgraduate students than previously possible.
When the court announces the sentence, the judge will see if she is regretting.
Participation rate in the study of language learning exceeded the expectations.
Most of the scientists disagreed to discuss the size and the levels of society.
Higher numbers of patients were infected during previous outbreaks of illness.
Information may soon disappear forever as few people read classical languages.
Our class will be divided into two groups, you come with me, others stay here.
More graduate training is often needed after the university study is finished.
Please note that the college laboratory will be closed for cleaning next week.
Some students find true-or-false questions harder than short answer questions.
Students were instructed to stand in a straight line outside of the classroom.
The lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policy in the United States.
Industrial experts will discuss job opportunities in an automatic labor force.
Manufacturing now brings more people in than agriculture and fishing combined.
Our courses help to improve critical thinking and independent learning skills.
There is an important difference between mass production and batch production.
The undergraduates need some specific resources to analyze a specific problem.
The study shows that there are positive connections between the two variables.
Sociology policies are the sources of the government to solve social problems.
Mechanical engineering has become predominant since the Industrial Revolution.
Findings show that cocoa in dark chocolate improves memory, immunity and mood.
Students are instructed to hand in their assignments by the end of this week.
The leading companies changed their policies after the reports were released.
The students have the option to live in the college residences or apartments.
These have also been found to contribute to the death of many marine animals.
Global connections increased in academic communities, thanks to social media.
A person's educational level is closely related to their economic background.
Despite their differences, all forms of lives share the same characteristics.
Many vocational courses in the institution are funded by private enterprises.
Some people are motivated by competition, while others prefer to collaborate.
The government is funding research study on the consequences of unemployment.
Professors with higher educational standard trained them extremely seriously.
The universities provide excellent leisure facilities for students and staff.
The research was investigating the great impact of gender on social attitude.
Artificial intelligence has made significant progress for the last few years.
Members should make concentrated contributions to associated operating funds.
Democracy has continuously offered more stable resources from the government.
All industries consist of systems as inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.
Assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
Foods containing overabundant calories supply little or no nutritional value.
In ancient times the sheltered harbour attracted travellers at this location.
Lecture outlines are available on the faculty board and the internal website.
Animals raised in captivity behave differently than their wild counterparts.
Freshwater creatures didn't appear in the paintings until the modern period.
Lectures are the oldest and the most formal teaching method at universities.
Some people are motivated by competition, while others prefer collaboration.
The massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument.
The qualification will be assessed by using a conference criterion approach.
The undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a specific program.
Several candidates will be qualified as the greatest scientists in all time.
The department has a higher than normal proportion of postgraduate students.
You must figure out the mathematical problems and apply what you've learned.
A series of lectures which were shown to us in economics have been recorded.
Many students find true- false questions harder than short answer questions.
Academic libraries across the world are steadily incorporating social media.
The library holds a substantial collection of materials on economic history.
Renovation work is currently being undertaken throughout the whole building.
Industry experts will discuss job opportunities in an automatic labor field.
It is successfully acknowledged that there is a student graduation ceremony.
The article illustrates a very large number of very interesting experiments.
Animals raised in captivity behave differently from their wild counterparts.
Students may only use parking cards in authorized university parking spaces.
Rivers provide habitats and migration pathways for numerous aquatic species.
Industry experts will discuss the job opportunity in an automated workforce.
The research will investigate the great impact of gender on social attitude.
Mechanical engineering has become prominent since the Industrial Revolution.
A person's educational level is closely related to his economic background.
All of the assignments should be submitted in person to the faculty office.
Despite the differences, all forms of lives share the same characteristics.
Doctoral writings have the structure in place as well as scientific papers.
Eight groups need to submit the outlines of their projects to their tutors.
Students are encouraged to think carefully about their accommodation needs.
Student concession cards can be obtained by completing an application form.
The campus tour will help you to get familiar with the teaching facilities.
The results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detections.
Undergraduates pursue their interests in special stages within the program.
There are more opportunities to receive the grants in most artistic fields.
There is a significant difference between theory and practice in education.
The English and Journalism degree has certain placements in the third year.
For any written assignment, a detailed literature review is very important.
Our courses help improve critical thinking and independent learning skills.
There is a significant difference between theory and practice of education.
For any written assignment, a detailed literature review must be performed.
Social policies describe the ways in which the society meets human's needs.
The university's main library will be open till midnight until next Monday.
Global connections thrived in academic communities, thanks to social media.
Rising inflation may indicate the increasing demands for consumer products.
The results of the study underscore the discoveries from early detections.
Clinical placement in nursing prepares students for professional practice.
If you need additional help, please visit the university resources center.
It is really a comprehensive program that covers both theory and practice.
It was hard to anticipate all the different characters that were in react.
Measuring personal experience of happiness is easier than you would think.
Medical researchers have focused on the different treatments and diseases.
Remember, the gifts purchased by children should have a striped character.
Students requiring for an extension should apply sooner rather than later.
Undergraduates may pursue a specific interest within certificate programs.
The department has higher than normal proportion of postgraduate students.
The qualification will be assessed by using criterion-referenced approach.
You should include these two pictures from the lecture in your assignment.
The seminar provided an opportunity to exchange ideas with other students.
Assignments should be submitted to the general office before the deadline.
Climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among reputable scientists.
Native speakers are exempt from the language tests in their own languages.
While conceiving ideas is desirable, basic issues must first be addressed.
New developments in manufacturing are constantly changing the way we live.
The seminar provides an opportunity to exchange ideas with other students.
Philosophy uses a lot of logic and reasoning to analyze human experiences.
We are researching on the most significant challenges we are facing today.
These words recognize the excellence of undergraduates' research projects.
Companies' projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
Politicians need to be more practical when they are addressing the issues.
Medical researchers have focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
Food containing too many calories provides little or no nutritional value.
Some vocational courses in institutions are funded by private enterprises.
A world-renowned expert of financial management will give a guest lecture.
Students may only park their cars in authorized university parking spaces.
All of the assignments must be submitted in person to the faculty office.
Below the heating controls in the middle is a small round plastic button.
It is really a comprehensive program comprising both theory and practice.
Medical researchers have focused on the cause of diseases and treatments.
Most scientists believe that climate change threatens lives on the earth.
Remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the lecture hall.
Some economists argue that the entire financial system is fatally flawed.
The author's previous works are more philosophical and less experimental.
The whole point of the project was to look at the norm not the exception.
This course provides the opportunity to get valuable industry experience.
Managing the increasing population is the challenge for most governments.
Implementation figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
Being bilingual does not mean having the ability to analyze the language.
Distance learning allows you to develop a career around your commitments.
The department works closely with its partners in the business community.
Participants are initially collected from a range of foundation subjects.
City planners recognize the needs of accessible public transport options.
There are a variety of different ways to present statistical information.
The university main library will be open till midnight until next Monday.
The capacity of programming computers is expanding enormously every year.
Employment opportunities available in engineering are increasing rapidly.
Before the refrigerator was invented, people used underground ice houses.
The first commercial airport was built on the island relatively recently.
A massive accumulation of data was converted to a communicable argument.
An architect is required of problem-solving skills and an eye of design.
Before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
The aerial photographs were promptly registered for thorough evaluation.
The faculty staff are very approachable, friendly and extremely helpful.
The faculty staff are very approachable, helpful and extremely friendly.
Tomorrow's lecture will discuss educational policy in the United States.
You don't need to have specialist knowledge to be able to read the book.
The castle was designed to intimidate both local people and the enemies.
Students should have an awareness of how the business develops globally.
Read the safety instructions before using any equipment in the workshop.
Dealing with the growing population is a challenge for many governments.
The university has invested in the new technology designed for learning.
Our company is intended to hire more than ten thousand people worldwide.
The closing date of applications for travel scholarships is next Monday.
The university library holds a number of collections of geological maps.
Industry experts will discuss the opportunities in an optimal workforce.
All medical school students must attend the talk about optional courses.
A good architectural structure should be usable, durable and beautiful.
The aerial photograph is promptly registered for further investigation.
All writers, consciously or unconsciously, represent their own culture.
Although sustainable development is not easy, it is our responsibility.
He was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the 16th century.
Inflation affects the demand, pricing and consumption of most products.
Supply and demand is one of the most fundamental concepts in economics.
The school's summer programs help students to accelerate their studies.
The students were instructed to submit their assignments before Friday.
The university officer will help you locate housing and transportation.
Those who are considering a career of marketing should attend the talk.
Make sure you choose a course that provides great career opportunities.
International exchanges formed the important part of our study program.
Interim results will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
Make sure you have saved all the files before turning off the computer.
Students require undergraduate biology degree to enroll in this course.
Students would develop confidence on their ability to think critically.
Accommodations on campus are limited but there are more options nearby.
Please follow the guidelines for more information on setting the goals.
Participation rate on studying language learning exceeded expectations.
There are some laboratories that are closed due to the lack of funding.
Social policies describe the ways in which society meets human's needs.
Politicians need to be proactive when they are addressing these issues.
A world-renowned expert on economics and marketing will give a lecture.
When launching a product, researching and investing are very important.
The local government has adopted a plan for infrastructure development.
Students and staff will automatically become a member in their library.
The artists and conservative politicians earn their rules of politics.
Interim grades will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
Assignments should be submitted to the department before the deadline.
Attracting skilled workers to the city with expensive housing is hard.
Students have the options to live in college residences or apartments.
Supply and demand is one of the most fundamental factors in economics.
The artists and conservative publications earn their roles of critics.
The author's early works are less philosophical and more experimental.
They have both grown up in the rural areas and dislike the urban life.
Tours operate all year round, but the busier dry season runs from May.
When met with high potential risks, companies will raise their prices.
There are not many interconnections between philosophy and psychology.
Human beings compete with other living things for resources and space.
Please visit the website for more information about the opening times.
The toughest problem of research for postgraduate students is funding.
The coffee house features sandwiches, salads, soup, chicken, and fish.
Classical mechanics is considered as a branch of mathematical physics.
We need to answer security questions if we want to reset the password.
Please return the reference book to the correct position on the shelf.
Philosophy uses the logic and reasons to analyze human and experience.
Our company currently employs more than ten thousand people worldwide.
The terms illness and disease are confusing despite clear differences.
In some countries, people live in homes made from shipping containers.
The closing date of application for travel scholarship is next Monday.
You have to send me your essay in two core and three optional modules.
Generally young children around the world enjoy listening to stories.
Geography is generally divided into two branches: human and physical.
Scientific beneficiary to space exploration is frequently questioned.
Scientists here are studying a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
Students should have awareness of how the business develops globally.
The business policy seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
The garden behind the university is open to the public in the summer.
The summer school program allows students to summarize their studies.
The toughest part of research for undergraduate education is funding.
Undergraduates may participate in specific stages within the program.
Ladies have the popular forms of entertainments throughout the world.
A group meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.
They have both grown up in the rural area and dislike the urban life.
The summer school programs allow students to summarize their studies.
Our study program equips students with central skills for university.
Please write down the name of the author and the year of publication.
All medical students must clean their hands before entering the room.
Globalization often puts more pressure on national economic policies.
Extracurricular activities can help students to develop more talents.
Scholarships are available for both local and international students.
An essay should use evidence from both primary and secondary sources.
Before architecture was invented, humans lived in underground houses.
Our new medical students must attend the talk about optional courses.
Protective goggles must be worn in all the university's laboratories.
Physics students will do an additional module if their marks are low.
Historical cities are financially dependent on the tourism as income.
In Europe, the political pressure is similar regarding globalization.
Aerial photographs were promptly registered for thorough evaluation.
Affordable housing is an important issue for all members of society.
Education and training provide important skills for the labor force.
Graduates from this course find careers in the financial department.
Hundreds of scientific papers have been published on global warming.
Library reference desks hold a lot of materials on academic history.
Our university theatre group will be performing in the concert hall.
Resources and materials are on hold at the library's reference desk.
The coffee house has a special student discount throughout the week.
The course will help students to improve their pronunciation skills.
The director of the gallery was grateful for the anonymous donation.
In this book, the author discussed the role of cultural differences.
One of the functions of the internal organ is to keep the body warm.
The studies showed the Hong Kong people are the most active in Asia.
The theater courses are encouraging students to exercise creativity.
There have been many changes recently in the mathematics department.
The new chemistry professor will deliver his first lecture tomorrow.
The reception staff provide advice on renting private accommodation.
There is not much interconnection between philosophy and psychology.
Undergraduates have a wide range of cultural modules to choose from.
Americans have progressively found the growth in quantitative terms.
Many graduates studying journalism get jobs in communications field.
The theatre study course encourages students to exercise creativity.
The university provides different facilities for students and staff.
Psychologists say what we have experienced influences our behaviors.
If finance is the cause of a concern, scholarships may be available.
Government department was doing some crucial work on climate change.
The commissioner will portion the funds among all the sovereignties.
Measures must be taken to prevent unemployment rate from increasing.
Researches show that spending time outdoors has a range of benefits.
Students have freedom to choose the subjects they are interested in.
There have been long streams of extreme weather since human history.
Food that contains antibiotics provides few or no nutritional value.
We are continuing to provide postgraduate online learning resources.
Politicians need to be more proactive when addressing a given issue.
The students will meet their new teachers after the summer vacation.
Practical experiments are an essential part of the chemistry course.
Students are advised that all the lectures today have been canceled.
Archaeologists discovered tools and artifacts near the ancient tomb.
New materials and techniques are changing the style of architecture.
Science degrees are now offering different levels of specialization.
The undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a program.
Free campus tour runs daily during summer for prospective students.
A balanced diet and regular exercise are necessary for good health.
Free campus tours run daily during summer for prospective students.
Our group is going to meet tomorrow in the library conference room.
Studies show there is a positive correlation between two variables.
Sydney is Australia's largest city, chief port and cultural center.
The business plan seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
The final year will consist of four taught courses and one project.
Dipping into this as a hobby is an enormously rewarding experience.
The toughest part of research for postgraduate students is funding.
There are some doubts about whether these events actually occurred.
When launching a product, researching and marketing are very vital.
You will need to purchase an academic gown before the commencement.
Every student has a regular meeting with his or her personal tutor.
Please provide the reports to support your idea of these arguments.
Students who study overseas can significantly improve work chances.
The Industrial Revolution in Europe was driven by steam technology.
The invention of the printing press increases the demand for paper.
Journalism faces the crisis in the light of the digital revolution.
There are some doubts as to whether these events actually occurred.
Children acquire their first language without any conscious effort.
Sugar is a compound which consists of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
The students were instructed to submit their assignments by Friday.
Students' identification cards will be issued by today or tomorrow.
Scholarship applications must be handed in at the end of the month.
This advanced course requires a basic knowledge of economic theory.
The course considerably emphasizes on the critical thinking skills.
There have been (too) many struggles in the mathematics department.
There is a widely believed perception that engineering is for boys.
There is not much interconnection between philosophy and psychology
Providers of higher education treat plagiarism extremely seriously.
Experts of the financial department will give the guests a lecture.
Urban planning emphasizes on efficiency and expansion of community.
The British students need to study mathematics in secondary school.
There is no economic recognition that borrowing is necessarily bad.
Scientific experiments should be repeated in verifying the results.
International aid programs have been reduced by the new government.
The summer school allows some students to accelerate their studies.
According to the law of gravity, all objects attract to each other.
Sugar is a solid carbohydrate which is always used to sweeten food.
A national collection center for students is currently being built.
Financial help for undergraduate study is available on application.
All students are expected to attend ten lab sessions per semester.
Americans have found the growth progressive in quantitative terms.
Before attending the lecture, you must register online or by post.
Control systems in manufacturing provide a high level of accuracy.
Experts are now able to forecast weather over much longer periods.
Experts believe that industrial development will help the economy.
Members should make concentrated contributions to operating funds.
Observers waited nervously and bated their breath for the concert.
Relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
Remember, the prestigious section has strict eligibility criteria.
She has made a significant contribution to the field of chemistry.
The cafeteria features sandwiches, salads, soup, fish and chicken.
The chemistry building is located near the entrance of the campus.
The introduction is an important component of a good presentation.
The summer course was canceled due to insufficient re-enrollments.
The theatre courses are encouraging students to access creativity.
We study science to understand and appreciate the world around us.
You may need to purchase an academic gown before the commencement.
Governments need to make solar energy more affordable to everyone.
More research is needed before any definitive conclusion is drawn.
Science library is currently located on the ground of the library.
The new theory takes all the latest research results into account.
The essay will argue that the technology does more harm than good.
A good research paper delivers practical benefits for real people.
Graduates of journalism can get a job in the communications field.
Some economists argue that the entire financial system is falling.
Astronauts are using light years to measure the distance in space.
Remember, a prestigious selection has strict eligibility criteria.
Resources and materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
Physics is a key subject to understand the world and the universe.
Americans have technically found the growth in quantitative terms.
Before submitting your assignment, your advisor should approve it.
Control systems in manufacturing require a high level of accuracy.
The new media has transformed the traditional national boundaries.
Audition of the university choir will be on hold on the next week.
The article extrapolates a number of very interesting experiments.
The rest of the material was deposited partway down the catchment.
These three separate resources are not enough for this assessment.
Experts say learning and listening to music can reduce the stress.
Please make sure your application follows the guidelines provided.
All the equipment must be returned to the laboratory by Wednesday.
The library has an extensive collection of statistical references.
One of the key conclusions is that the development needs were met.
People will never learn that the life exists on the other planets.
Resources and materials are on hold on the library reference desk.
Parents today are more responsible for their children's education.
New materials and techniques are changing the way of architecture.
People have been dependent on using phones in their everyday life.
A good architecture is always very useful, durable and beautiful.
All lectures and learning materials can be found on the internet.
Cell is the most basic building block for all animals and plants.
Climate change is a fierce phenomenon concentrated by scientists.
Human beings compete with other species for spaces and resources.
Lectures' outlines are available on the college internal website.
Please make sure you correctly cited all the necessary materials.
Safety glasses should be worn while doing experiments in the lab.
Student identification cards will be issued by today or tomorrow.
Students who attempted to go to the conference must register now.
That brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
The commissioner will allocate the funds among other authorities.
The early works were more philosophical rather than experimental.
The same approach reached to the same explanation of the problem.
Today's lecture material will be included in the next assessment.
We can work together to achieve the higher educational standards.
Farming methods across the world have greatly developed recently.
Strangely, people are impacted by spontaneously using statistics.
Unlike short sleep, overlong sleep increases the risk of illness.
Unusual weather patterns are making farming more difficult today.
The winter sun is lower but high enough to produce enough warmth.
If you need additional help, visit the student resolution center.
Increasing population results in an increasing demand for energy.
Observers waited nervously and held their breath for the concert.
The garden behind the university is open to the public in summer.
The scientists now study a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
A thorough bibliography is needed at the end of every assignment.
Farming methods around the world have greatly developed recently.
The reception staff can give information of lending and printing.
Firm conclusions can be established through rigorous experiments.
The English degree involves certain placements in the third year.
Sugar is a solid carbohydrate which is always used in sweet food.
Thousands of people turned out ahead of the prestigious election.
The degree is taught by using a mixture of lectures and seminars.
Our aim is to transmit the mathematics teaching in the classroom.
Many cities are actively working on ways to reduce air pollution.
Changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process.
Experts say reading and listening to music can reduce the stress.
Water is heated to boiling in the flask and added to the mixture.
The content is to define the combination of maths and philosophy.
Thousands of people turned out to be at the presidential address.
The government financial plan has threatened the social services.
Many food crops require a large quantity of water and fertilizer.
Before attending the course, you must register online or by post.
The library contains a wide collection of images and photographs.
Human beings compete with other species for resources and space.
Dogs are able to provide assistance to people with disabilities.
Dogs are able to provide assistance to people with disabilities.
If finance is a cause of concern, scholarships may be available.
It may not mean that it is possible to solve the problem easily.
It's just a feeling of having tried something new and succeeded.
Materials and resources are on hold at the library's front desk.
Packaging is very important to attract the attention of a buyer.
Please make sure you have collected all the necessary materials.
Textile manufacturing plays a large role in improving economies.
The course helps students to improve their pronunciation skills.
The department has a higher proportion of postgraduate students.
The marketing budget is doubled since the beginning of the year.
The scientists will face both the explanations and the problems.
Theory and training are required to become a medical specialist.
They have struggled since last year to make their services paid.
You can request library books by using the electronic catalogue.
Both staff and students can purchase car parking permits online.
As union members, we can influence the change of the university.
Key business partners are often entertained in expense accounts.
Mature students usually adapt to university life extremely well.
Students find true or false questions harder than short answers.
If it helps to take notes in order to concentrate, please do so.
Many universities' lectures can now be reviewed on the Internet.
The summer course was cancelled due to insufficient enrollments.
Babies can distinguish between what is language and what is not.
Key business partners are often intertwined in expense accounts.
You should provide examples to support your ideas and arguments.
Physics is the key subject to understand the world and universe.
Sugar is a compound including carbon, hydrogen and oxygen atoms.
Please return the books to the correct positions on the shelves.
Rivers provide habitats and water pathways for numerous species.
A surprisingly large number of students applied for that course.
You shall be studying economies of several developing countries.
New developments in technology are influencing current research.
Theater study courses encourage students to exercise creativity.
Good educators can recognize different kinds of learning styles.
The content is to define the combination of math and philosophy.
The workshop will show you how to search the library catalogues.
Our lecture today will discuss the American War of Independence.
Communication skills are increasingly important in recent years.
Human beings compete with other things for resources and spaces.
Communication skills have become more important in recent years.
You have to send me your essay in two courses and three modules.
You do not need to have specialist knowledge to enjoy this book.
Recycling systems can be complex, but they are becoming simpler.
All the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
An ancient text may hold secrets which were lost centuries ago.
Building trust is not something that can be achieved overnight.
Every student must evacuate the premises during the fire drill.
Good research paper delivers practical benefits to real people.
Important details from the argument are missing in the summary.
Laws protect consumer rights and help to avoid market problems.
Please remember to bring a highlighter to class next Wednesday.
Students are required to complete the research paper by Monday.
Students are required to use research methods for this project.
Students were instructed to submit their assignments by Friday.
Teaching assistants will receive a monthly stipend for housing.
The dining hall will undergo renovations during the fall break.
The sustainable development is not easy, but it is unavoidable.
There was not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
Undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a program.
Student advisor was aware that lecture today has been canceled.
Students who attempt to go to the conference must register now.
The university should introduce technology to support learning.
A series of the observations were carried out in the classroom.
You are required to complete the research paper by next Monday.
The dining hall will be under renovation during the fall break.
It is hard to anticipate all the characters that were in react.
The same issue featured both the explanations and the problems.
Students' representatives will visit classes with voting forms.
The garden behind the university is a long and interesting one.
Students who want to attend the conference must register first.
Take the first step by applying for university scholarship now.
Studying medicine is always with a wide range of opportunities.
One function of body fat is to keep (all) internal organs warm.
Archaeologists discovered tools and artifacts in ancient tombs.
The policy aims to increase the investment in foreign currency.
Your ideas are discussed depending on your seminar or tutorial.
The library will be closed for staff training tomorrow morning.
The celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
Many universities provide exchange programs to other countries.
Teaching assistance plays a vital role in the learning process.
The finding shows that chocolate can improve immunity and mood.
The program must be conducted abidingly by general regulations.
All mobile devices must be switched off during the examination.
You must inform your professor if you are absent in your class.
Reading widely is an important part of the undergraduate study.
You can buy a ticket for the lecture from the school secretary.
The post office will be closed on Monday and Friday afternoons.
There are a variety of disciplines in the field of engineering.
There are many exciting developments occurring in the industry.
Plants are the living things that can grow in land or in water.
Many food crops require a large amount of water and fertilizer.
The library has a wide range of collection of images and films.
I would like all the engineering students to raise their hands.
The same approach reached the same explanation of the problem.
Books for children often contain many beautiful illustrations.
A very basic feature of computing is counting and calculating.
All answers must be examined and supported by relevant theory.
All industries consist of input, process, output and feedback.
Companies want to protect their brands from negative comments.
Conferences ought to be always scheduled two weeks in advance.
Despite the protest, the chemistry department was closed down.
Essential textbooks can be purchased from the campus bookshop.
If you need additional help, visit the student resolve center.
Important details in the article are missing from the summary.
His appointment as Minister of Culture was seen as a demotion.
Most of the theories were similar but a few critics disagreed.
Most teaching staff make their lecture notes available online.
Most university teaching takes place in lectures and seminars.
Radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world.
Students are advised to use multiple methods for this project.
Students who are successful have a good strategy for learning.
Students will focus on reporting news on changing media world.
The article presents a number of very interesting experiments.
The city's founder created a set of rules that became the law.
The evaluation forms will be reviewed by university personnel.
The extent of advertising for children is open to much debate.
The nation achieved prosperity by opening its ports for trade.
The results of the experiment are reported in the table below.
Years of training are required to become a medical specialist.
You must submit your assignments by next Friday at the latest.
Your lowest quiz grade has been omitted from the calculations.
Check the website if you are looking for discounted textbooks.
The visiting speaker used to be a lecturer in this department.
There will be a meeting for the first-year students on Friday.
It is necessary to dress formally for the graduation ceremony.
Notes lecture will begin punctually, so please do not be late.
The students have options to live in residences or apartments.
The same issue researched the same explanation of the problem.
Renovation works have been undertaken throughout the building.
There is not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
Artists need to make their works both original and accessible.
Calculators allow us to add numbers that we all made mistakes.
The food crops require a large amount of water and fertilizer.
Practical experiments are essential parts of chemical classes.
You must set a security question when resetting your password.
Scientists recognize differences among water molecule content.
Even simple techniques need to be practiced to become perfect.
People have been independent by using phones in everyday life.
You will need to read chapter one before the management class.
Higher education provider treats plagiarism extremely serious.
You will be tested via continuous assessment and examinations.
Students are recommended to read new books by professor Johns.
The amount of time spent on configuration varies considerably.
New development in technology contributes to current research.
It is clear that the human population impacts the environment.
The key witnesses of the event are factors of your convention.
Cells are the basic building blocks of all animals and plants.
There is a point between chemistry and other side of subjects.
In that moment, few people moved from the town to the village.
The key witnesses to the event have conflicting recollections.
Parents today are involved in the education of their children.
You must inform your advisor if you are absent from the class.
Students who are successful have good strategies for learning.
Information technology has changed the way people study today.
Popular culture is now a serious subject of academic inquiry.
A celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
All dissertations must be accompanied with a submission form.
Cinema and music are as important as science and mathematics.
Convincing evidence to support this theory is hard to obtain.
Coursework and exams will form part of the annual assessment.
The study of anthropology can help us to learn society today.
It is absolutely vital that you acknowledge all your sources.
Most critics agreed with the new theory, but a few disagreed.
Observers waited nervously with bated breath for the concert.
Our professor is hosting the business development conference.
Good nutrition is crucial to the general health and vitality.
Popular culture is not a serious subject of academic inquiry.
The article first introduces various interesting experiments.
The course has been updated to reflect the current situation.
The history of this university is a long and interesting one.
The key difference between courses is the kind of assessment.
The key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
The nearest automatic teller is in front of the anatomy labs.
The railway makes long-distance travel possible for everyone.
The railways make long-distance travel possible for everyone.
The technician dropped the new microscope in the biology lab.
The ways in which people communicate are constantly changing.
This morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
Consumer confidence tends to increase as the economy expands.
Continuing students will be sent necessary application forms.
Economic development needs to be supported by the government.
Growing population has posed a challenge to many governments.
It was four more years before the theory was fully developed.
The poster of this play is hung in the large lecture theater.
Universities need to secure the grants for research subjects.
We are achieving common prosperity throughout the department.
Most theories were quite similar but a few critics disagreed.
Sports teams practice on weekdays and play games on weekends.
Courses are assessed by group work and individual assignment.
Banks charge interest for money they loan to their customers.
The new technician dropped the microscope in the biology lab.
You must submit your assignment by next Friday at the latest.
Most of the students have not considered these issues before.
They developed a unique approach to training their employees.
Information technology has changed the way people work today.
The bus to London will leave ten minutes later than expected.
The history course is assessed via three written assignments.
The digital camera has some advantages over traditional film.
Linguistics is the scientific study and analysis of language.
I'm going to transform my mathematic skills to the classroom.
For the small businesses, making profit is the main priority.
Scientific experiments are repeated in order to find results.
The commissioner will portion the funds to all sovereignties.
The teaching staff are actively engaged in original research.
The research paper examined the economies of three countries.
Sympathy is a feeling of sorrow for someone who is not happy.
Democracy is constantly offering a stable form of government.
The untapped potential of using the sun's rays is phenomenal.
More time will be needed to process the topic of the project.
The university canteen offers different healthy meal options.
The cafeteria will only serve cold meals on Friday this week.
Having clean water for human consumption is vital for health.
Democracy is constantly offering a stable form of governance.
The reading list will be available before the course begins.
Increasing population results in increased demand in energy.
Money and how it is paid can affect the motivations to work.
Organization plays an important role in academic literature.
The author is currently a professor at Cambridge University.
The city's founders created a set of rules that became laws.
The coffee house menu features coffee, sandwiches and toast.
The exam system has been upgraded due to professional exams.
The history of the movement was recorded by several writers.
The time of the math lecture has been changed to ten thirty.
The two variables in the study were very closely correlated.
There is not enough evidence to support this recommendation.
Tribes work with each other to build up a monolithic statue.
Your agent will collect commission for each house they sell.
Please write the name of author and the year of publication.
This course puts great emphasis on critical thinking skills.
We hold the visiting hours throughout the year for students.
Too much information may be avoided by good research design.
Graphs and charts allowed data more easily to be understood.
The history of the university is a long and interesting one.
Celebrated theory is still a subject to a great controversy.
The morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
Please make sure you correctly cite all necessary materials.
The stock market redesigned the market throughout the world.
Speed is defined as how quickly an object or a person moves.
Eating fish twice a week is a recommendation of health diet.
Children start producing words before they are able to walk.
The inhabitants of wildlife have been ignored by developers.
The meeting for first-year economics students is on Tuesday.
Momentum is defined as the combination of mass and velocity.
All of your assignments should be submitted by next Tuesday.
Calculators allow us to add numbers without making mistakes.
Urban planning emphasizes on the expansion of the community.
The article consists of a number of interesting experiments.
Lots of people turned out to be at the presidential address.
There is no reason to prove that boredom is necessarily bad.
Money and how it is paid can be the motivation for the work.
Members can contribute to the association of operating firm.
The urban geography degree includes the study of demography.
The media play a significant role in shaping public opinion.
The study of utilizing projects is funded by the university.
Our aim is to transform classical teaching in the classroom.
The cafeteria will only serve cold milk on Friday this week.
The prevailing wind ensures the temperature extremes unwell.
The use of dictionary is not allowed during the examination.
Scientists were unsure when the early man first left Africa.
Archeologists discover tools and fossils from ancient times.
Essays and assignments spread out across the academic world.
A recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
Books for children often contain many bits of illustration.
A number of assignments will be gathered to the conference.
It is important to allocate your time wisely when revising.
Most of the students have not considered this issue before.
One of the election promises is to decrease the income tax.
Rivers provide habitats for fish and other aquatic species.
Scientists are always asking the government for more money.
The article introduces a number of interesting experiments.
The first assignment is due on the fourteenth of September.
The rising temperature is changing the wildlife population.
The timetable for the new term will be available next week.
The vocabulary that has peculiar meanings is called jargon.
There is a need for constructive dialogues between leaders.
There is clearly a need for further research in this field.
There was a prize for the best student of the presentation.
This guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
You have to learn how to use the library to save your time.
Enrolling a second major will increase your career options.
Distance learning can develop your career around the world.
New credit cards will soon use the finger press technology.
The educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
The opening hours of the library are reduced during summer.
All educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
It is strictly required to submit the assignment by Friday.
Tribes vied with each other to build up monolithic statues.
Plants are able to continue growing throughout their lives.
The application process may take longer than it's expected.
We should never underestimate the power of creative design.
We are dealing with the most challenges that we face today.
The coffee machine on the third floor is not working today.
Late applications are not accepted under any circumstances.
Relying on natural ability will not get you far on science.
The university provides legislation for students and staff.
The school canteen sells a large variety of water and food.
Our workshop is opening for all the students on the campus.
Many university lectures can now be viewed on the Internet.
Education is not just about learning skills for employment.
What surprised me is the number of students in this course.
The deadline of the marketing assignment has been extended.
Libraries in many areas were closed due to lack of funding.
Understanding visual media has never been more challenging.
The employment demand in engineering is increasing rapidly.
Coastal communities are vulnerable to the rising sea level.
It is an integrated course with several different elements.
Essays and assignments spread out across the academic year.
New credit cards will be soon using fingerprint technology.
Economic streams of early Roman Republic will be examined.
Good research delivers practical knowledge to real people.
A lack of sleep can increase the chance of some illnesses.
In this language course, we focus on fluency and accuracy.
It is important for students to keep up with the deadline.
It is important to make clear notes while you are reading.
Making a mistake is fine as long as you've learnt from it.
Packaging is very important to attract intentioned buyers.
Some people believe that education should be free for all.
There will be a chemistry test in the classroom next week.
The essay will be published once the research is finished.
The importance of this event was not yet fully understood.
The new paper challenged the previously accepted theories.
The technician left the new microscope in the biology lab.
The university has a world-renowned school of archaeology.
There was no correlation between drug used and cure rates.
Traffic is the main cause of air pollution in many cities.
Travelling by boat on the river is not possible in winter.
We can't consider any increase in our price at this stage.
You are required to complete the assignment by next Monday
You are required to complete the research paper by Monday.
You can find a lot more information on university website.
Protective clothing must always be worn in the laboratory.
Rising in temperature is changing the wildlife population.
These leaflets can be really useful when you are revising.
Today's history lecture has been moved to lecture theater.
Unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in years.
Everyone must evacuate the premises during the fire drill.
Celebrity theory is still the great source of controversy.
The spot of lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
Teaching assistants will receive monthly fees for housing.
The first assignment will be due on the 14th of September.
Tribes worked with each other to build monolithic statues.
Technology and industry are the drivers of global economy.
Most of the students haven't considered the issues before.
The history lecture has been moved to the lecture theater.
Academic development needs to be supported by governments.
Children conquer their first language without any efforts.
Field trips are essential parts of most geography courses.
Students should leave their bags on the table by the door.
Social media is criticized for causing Internet addiction.
Imported packages are likely to be used in many computers.
An effective business manager is always open to new ideas.
The renowned journalism will last for half of the century.
These researches, data and collections should be analyzed.
Having strong motivation is vital for achieving your goal.
Leave the building immediately if the fire alarm goes off.
Academic journals are often edited by subject specialists.
Technology is no longer a simple tool that we can control.
Many companies use personality tests in interview process.
The falling birth rate means the number of students drops.
The tutorial timetable can be found on the course website.
Time was needed to process complex topics of the lectures.
The capacity of computers is expanding rapidly every year.
You will acquire new skills during your academic studies.
A regional assembly was moved to the devolution of power.
A good research assistant is not afraid to ask questions.
Evaluation form will be reviewed by university personnel.
Interim grades will be posted outside the student lounge.
NASA has been at the forefront of deep space exploration.
Our cultural values are dependent on the choices we made.
Some departments have their own special book collections.
Students are encouraged to monitor studies by themselves.
The article involves a number of interesting experiments.
The same issue featured both explanations of the problem.
The theme of the issue was the estimation of the problem.
There is a clear need for further research in this field.
You can find a lot more references on university website.
You should submit your team papers to the general office.
You will acquire many skills during the academic studies.
Reading lists will be available before the course begins.
Speed is defined as how fast a person or an object moves.
There are many good reasons to grow trees in more cities.
Tutors should set a clear goal at the start of the class.
Universities invest new technology designed for learning.
The schedule allows plenty of time for independent study.
You should include these two pictures in your assignment.
The following economic policy lecture has been cancelled.
Fruits containing too much sugar have little or no value.
Identity theft happens to thousands of people every year.
The article reflects a number of interesting experiments.
This course aims to develop your knowledge of statistics.
It's important to make clear notes while you are reading.
Enrolling a second major will increase the career option.
The two sides have disagreed on how to solve the problem.
Our cultural values are dependent on the choices we made.
The area has a number of underwater habitats and species.
They were struggling last year to make their service pay.
Exotic activities can help students develop more talents.
There is no fixed career path for a qualified journalist.
Economic status of early Roman Republic will be examined.
The use of mobile phones is not permitted in the library.
The university sent exchange students to other countries.
Reading histories involves a level of careful selections.
Family life is difficult for parents who have shift work.
It is an integrated course with three different elements.
We help individuals to develop and follow their interest.
Online courses allow students to work on their own paces.
We are able to accommodate more students than previously.
It is possible to keep the energy of an atom in two ways.
There is an overlap between chemistry and other subjects.
A National Center of Excellence is currently being built.
The cafeteria was sold out of coffee on Friday this week.
Our cultural values are dependent on the choices we made.
Our cultural values are dependent on the choices we made.
Our cultural values are dependent on the choices we made.
Our cultural values are dependent on the choices we made.
An introduction is an essential element of presentation.
Elections of president take place once every four years.
Experts are thinking that the world climate is changing.
Find out how to get your resources before your research.
Good research delivers practical benefit to real people.
I don't think it's possible to solve the problem easily.
Identity theft happens to thousands of people every day.
The research has produced some other unexpected results.
Most of these features were part of the previous system.
Pets offer emotional support to sick and elderly people.
Sea levels are expected to rise during the next century.
Some of these features were part of the previous system.
Students are encouraged to monitor their own attendance.
The article illustrates various interesting experiments.
The early works of this research were more experimental.
The election of president is held once every four years.
The features issued the same explanation of the problem.
The most important details in this argument are missing.
The other book is not thorough but it's more insightful.
The schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
The schedule allows plenty of time for individual study.
There is a welcome party for all new students each term.
Art is an expression of creative skills and imagination.
Understanding how to use the library will save you time.
Upgrading manufacturing systems can increase efficiency.
We were able to contact the number of research subjects.
Your summary should be as clear and concise as possible.
The academic tradition of the school ensures excellence.
Social psychology has been considered by human behavior.
We hold visiting tours throughout the year for students.
Climate change is being acknowledged by many scientists.
Neuroscience is a compound of completely separate parts.
Plants are living things that grow on land or in water..
Your application for a research grant has been received.
The printers automatically print two sides of each page.
Slides and handouts can be downloaded after the lecture.
The English degree is a worthy degree of the third year.
The farmers need to adapt to the changes of the climate.
A good abstract highlights the key points of your paper.
There is no fixed career path for qualified journalists.
The department is organizing a flight to London in July.
Technological developments have changed the way we live.
This course can help to deepen your appreciation of art.
Students are permitted to park at campus parking spaces.
They develop a unique approach to train their employees.
Students should take the training course to use the gym.
Physics students will do an additional module this year.
The rise in sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
Libraries provide a lot of useful services for students.
University graduates will work for a year in industries.
Before preparing food, be sure you wash your hands well.
It would be extraordinarily beneficial to work together.
The features issue the same explanation of the problem.
Agenda items should be submitted by the end of the day.
Art is an expression of creative skill and imagination.
Daily practice can build confidence and improve skills.
Peer group pressure has a great effect on young people.
She began by giving an outline of the previous lecture.
Some people argue that education is not that important.
The bar chart provides useful means of data comparison.
The equality has not yet been achieved in this society.
The excursion for children is very much open to debate.
The university library has most of the necessary books.
This course is integrated because it has several parts.
This software company designs and creates new products.
Traffic is the main cause for pollution in main cities.
Writing an essay is easy once the research is finished.
You were able to contact a number of research subjects.
Today we will look at how to display the data visually.
Without doubt, this theory has a number of limitations.
When parents talk to children, the tense is simplified.
This paper challenged the previously accepted theories.
The toughest part of postgraduate education is funding.
The railways were made to make distant travel possible.
There is an accounting assessment for finance students.
There is no criterion passed for qualified journalists.
Review all your sources before drawing any conclusions.
Your ideas are sophisticated in seminars and tutorials.
The resources cited are not enough for this assessment.
The course will start with the history of architecture.
Business must adapt to the data projection regulations.
He was regarded as the foremost economist at that time.
Parenting is difficult for parents who have shift work.
Participating in the class is the center of the course.
He wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
If you need a parking ticket, see me after the lecture.
There are so many fast food outlets on campus nowadays.
Business must adapt to the data protection regulations.
Having clean water for consumption is vital for health.
You should send me your essay before midnight tomorrow.
A pie chart provides a useful means of data comparison.
There is an accounting assignment for finance students.
Restaurants are down to the hall and next to the right.
The weather used to be lovely at this time of the year.
Peer review is an essential part of scientific methods.
Behind the crops, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
Behind the garage, there is a flat cart drawn by mules
Behind the group, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
Fashion trends help to make people's life interesting.
Making mistakes is fine, as long as you learn from it.
Potential customers can see what employees say online.
Presidential elections are held once every four years.
Sales figures for last year were better than expected.
The application process may take longer than expected.
The article shows a number of interesting experiments.
The economy now is showing the first sign of recovery.
The most popular courses still have a few places left.
The museum is closed on Thursday mornings every month.
The department works closely for business communities.
The sociology department is highly regarded worldwide.
The software companies design and create new products.
There are different types of governments in the world.
This slide shows that there has been a minimal growth.
The teacher training is an observation of the classes.
Timetables about new term will be available next week.
Your application for research grant has been received.
The course dates are available on the college website.
Avoid confusing the cause and effect of these changes.
Strong liner is used to measure distance and baseline.
We were able to contact a number of research subjects.
Convincing evidence for this theory is hard to obtain.
Certain organisms can reproduce using just one parent.
Your statistical information depends on your raw data.
We cannot consider an increase in price at this stage.
Air pollution is a serious problem all over the world.
Scientists are always asking the government for money.
International students come from all around the world.
Much of the research is carried out in the laboratory.
The department has organized a trip to London in July.
Population geography includes the study of demography.
You have the freedom to study what interests you most.
The Internet has transformed the nature of publishing.
You will portray your plan and sign off on your paper.
Businesses must obey contemporary general regulations.
Scientists can develop new elements in the laboratory.
Journalism has undergone many changes in recent years.
These regions were both areas of economic development.
Mobile devices are not allowed during the examination.
Many experts think that the world climate is changing.
The feedback from the students was extremely positive.
The paper has the potential to transform life science.
Scientists were unsure when the early man left Africa.
At that time, few people moved from towns to villages.
It is an integrated course with several main elements.
New credit cards will soon use fingerprint technology.
The department is organising a trip to London in July.
There are accounting assignments for finance students.
Advanced technology will create growth in the economy.
The history of economics is a tricky subject to study.
I think it's one of the best things I've done really.
Behind the barn, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
Career opportunities in this field are quite limited.
Eating too much can lead to too many health problems.
If you are not sure, phone student services for help.
Listening is the key skill to succeed in this course.
Politics is not usually a safe topic of conversation.
Preparation is important to avoid mishaps in the lab.
Review all resources before drawing your conclusions.
Several organizations work to prevent animal cruelty.
That means that we have so many struggles in the lab.
The article reflects various interesting experiments.
The article verifies various interesting experiments.
The curriculum is described in the course's syllabus.
The curriculum needed to be adjusted for development.
The essay contains most of the important information.
Banks charged interests from whom they lent money to.
The office will be closed during the Christmas break.
The slide shows that there has been a minimal growth.
The synopsis contains the most important information.
You are required to submit your assignment by Friday.
Doing nothing is not always better than taking risks.
Scientists are unsure when the first man left Africa.
The bank is hoping to tap into a fast-growing market.
The rising of the sea level indicates climate change.
We are no longer responding to any material requests.
The course tomorrow will require higher skill levels.
Even simple practices need to be conducted perfectly.
The disease that was serious has now been eradicated.
The night sky has always involved mystery and wonder.
The technology has transformed the nature of society.
Art helps us to deepen the appreciation of our world.
That means there will be many struggles in our lives.
Our company must have independent financial auditing.
Most known oil reserves last for only half a century.
Having clean water for the human is vital for health.
Fast food has become very popular with many students.
Our workshops are opening for all students on campus.
Please move us to the meeting room for the next hour.
The weather turned out to be lovely sometime earlier.
Before preparing food, make sure you wash your hands.
This is a compulsory course, so make sure you attend.
The untapped potential use of sun rays is phenomenal.
She received the scholarship from the state library.
Competition for the places in this course is fierce.
A good scientific paper should have clear arguments.
Consumer confidence has a direct influence on sales.
Economic problems caused a big rise in unemployment.
Fashion trends help people to make life interesting.
Government reforms have been proposed at all levels.
He was regarded as the foremost economist this year.
It is hard to observe the reaction of the character.
Most students have not considered this issue before.
Novelists write things about things they know about.
The lecture will cover the reason of climate change.
The teaching group will perform in the concert hall.
The thief visited homes of several people every day.
This means we will have so many troubles on the lam.
Our laboratory equipment is provided free of charge.
Our facilities include five items in the university.
She began by giving an outline of previous lectures.
This book can be borrowed for a maximum of one week.
You need to put these books on the table over there.
The module of work is more of a compositional style.
She used to be an editor of the students' newspaper.
More muscles are used in swimming than other sports.
The library will stay open until midnight this week.
Sound waves are unable to travel through the vacuum.
Animals and plants have a number of cells in common.
The north campus car park could be closed on Sunday.
The collapse of the housing market makes recessions.
Physical health can be improved by regular training.
History of economics is a trick subject of research.
Career mobility is very important for new graduates.
Water is heated to boiling and added to the mixture.
The economic predictions turned out to be incorrect.
The sociology exam will take place in week thirteen.
The new biology course will be starting in February.
Diet and exercise are the foundation of good health.
Make sure you wash your hands before preparing food.
You need to dress gorgeously to attend the ceremony.
Please read the chapter one of the history textbook.
Please confirm that you have received the textbook.
Calculations may not be needed in this examination.
Conferences are all scheduled two weeks in advance.
Efforts are being made to reduce harmful emissions.
Enrolling a second major doubled my career options.
Equality has not yet been achieved in this society.
Every student has the right and ability to succeed.
He started his tutorial presentation right on time.
Most students had not considered this issue before.
No more than four people can be in the lab at once.
Organic food is considered to be free of chemicals.
She began by giving an outline of previous lecture.
Students must pass all the qualifying examinations.
The assessment of this course will begin next week.
The properties should be appropriately distributed.
The relevant resources are reserved in the library.
The report contains the most important information.
University fees are expected to increase next year.
Peer review is a central part of scientific method.
Research shows the exercising makes us feel better.
The new art gallery can only be visited on Fridays.
Library plays an important role in students' lives.
He is regarded as the foremost economist this year.
The task tomorrow will require higher level skills.
Natures are defined as specific chemical compounds.
This class will look at the structure of the essay.
The curriculum is described in the course syllabus.
Speak to your tutor if you need further assistance.
Critical thinking is one part of a broad education.
Nutrition plays a key role in athletic performance.
New media journalism is an exciting field of study.
Cocoa in dark chocolate promotes immunity and mood.
Every experiment should be repeated to validate it.
Rising sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
The digital revolution has changed the way we read.
New media journalism is an exciting area for study.
There are places on campus where you can get meals.
The balance in diet and exercise makes good health.
Remember to sign the attendance prior to the class.
Calculators are not allowed during the examination.
You will study two core and three optional modules.
All of your assignments should be due by tomorrow.
All students need to attend ten labs per semester.
I thought we would meet in the small meeting room.
It is absolutely vital to allocate your resources.
A rising population means more trees are cut down.
It's confidence and it's optimism that I now have.
Let me give you an example to explain what I mean.
Many birds migrate to warmer areas for the winter.
Nurses specialize in clinical work and management.
Review all sources before drawing any conclusions.
Some young people find city life rather stressful.
The architectural numbers vary in that experiment.
The economy is now on its first signs of recovery.
The island is located at the south end of the bay.
The period was a golden age of English literature.
The poster of this play is hung in the large hall.
The professor took a year off to work on her book.
The way people communicate is constantly changing.
There are still many people struggling in the lab.
This class will look at the structure of an essay.
It would be extremely beneficial to work together.
Please ensure you do not go above word limitation.
She received a scholarship from the state library.
The group performance will be in the concert hall.
Graphs are often useful for geographical research.
The orchestra will be led by a visiting conductor.
The history department is very active in research.
The skills of great stage actors cannot be taught.
When the roots of a plant failed, foliage suffers.
There are places on campus where you can get milk.
Our workshops are open for all students on campus.
The public is often misled by the biased coverage.
At that time, people moved from towns to villages.
You should submit your essay by midnight tomorrow.
Close the door behind you when you leave the room.
The skills of great stage actor cannot be taught.
All students should attend ten labs per semester.
Bad policy decisions led to the financial crisis.
Science is found in society all around the world.
The courses cover several aspects of the subject.
The designers will complete the plan later today.
The most important process of farming is weeding.
An undergraduate is required to do many projects.
The teacher asked the group to commence the task.
Peer pressure has a great effect on young people.
They reached the same explanation of the problem.
Our professors are hosting a business conference.
Biology involves the study of life of all levels.
The toughest part of public transport is funding.
We can have a lecture on the morning of Thursday.
The study shows the sense of recent technologies.
We have sufficient ways to study in brain action.
Eating too much can lead to many health problems.
Packages are likely to be used in many computers.
The course involves pure and applied mathematics.
Blue whale is the largest mammal that ever lived.
Our cultural values depend on the choice we make.
It helps you to rationally assess your arguments.
That means they have so many struggling overlaps.
An effective manager is always open to new ideas.
Art and design is a competitive field to work in.
The effect of advertising is open to much debate.
The student magazine is looking for a new editor.
Campus tours begin at the library this afternoon.
We are phasing out the disposable cups on campus.
Having snow means no flight can take off or land.
Rail transport is becoming more and more popular.
Water is heated to boil and added to the mixture.
There is a separate reading list for each course.
Restrooms are down the entrance and to the right.
You must call your doctor to make an appointment.
That means we will have some struggling overlaps.
You do not need to specialize to enjoy this book.
Competition for places in this course is fierce.
I thought it was through the small meeting room.
The business class can hold with local students.
The professor took one year working on her book.
The cooperator operates a continuous assessment.
The office hours will be changed from next term.
We can all meet in the office after the lecture.
Purity is one feature that makes gold expensive.
We were able to contact a number of researchers.
I thought it was thrown in a small meeting room.
The problem of postgraduate students is funding.
Everyone in this room needs to follow the rules.
All staff must leave from the fire hydrant exit.
This camera can identify eyes and focus on them.
Designers need to keep up with the social trend.
A new collection of articles has been published.
New media has an impact on human communications.
We are continuing to provide learning resources.
The study of history can provide unique insight.
Heavy snow means no flight can take off or land.
Libraries provide lots of services for students.
The teacher explained the homework to the class.
In my opinion, this car should be repaired soon.
A good way to improve vocabulary is repetition.
Heavy rain will fall across the city next week.
Relevant materials are reserved in the library.
The aim is to reduce the risk that people take.
The book was supported by many faculty members.
The camera can identify eyes and focus on them.
The economic books are at the back on the left.
The fellow students cannot be addressed enough.
The new product failed due to a lack of demand.
The scientists found most of the studies today.
Your thesis should have a fairly limited scope.
In his lifetime, he composed most of the works.
Food has become a political issue in the world.
Gravity makes objects attracted to one another.
Academic problems cause a rise on unemployment.
The main concepts in these events were not new.
Many diseases on the list have been eradicated.
One of the promises is to decrease the contest.
The majority of our decisions are not rational.
Scientists show when the early men left Africa.
The project is divided into four main sections.
It takes a long time to walk to the university.
That means we have several structural overlaps.
All students have their own styles of learning.
The world is now getting warmer at a fast rate.
The chemistry building is actually being built.
We should have a meeting to discuss and report.
Calculators may not be used in the examination.
I want to make an appointment with the manager.
Please click the logo above to enter the site.
The main concepts in this thesis were not new.
You should draw your graph on a separate page.
Your task is to create demand for the product.
The site is designed to be highly interactive.
Time and distance are used to calculate speed.
Muscles make parts of the body close together.
Atoms are the basic building blocks of matter.
The island is located at the north of the bay.
Farms need to adapt to the changes of climate.
Farmers need to endure the changes of climate.
Career management is a very important subject.
You can ask your tutor for further assistance.
Modern computer memory is extended every year.
The university canteen offers so many options.
A teacher explains clear notes in the lecture.
There were a lot of traffic jams this morning.
You can get your coffee and tea in the lounge.
Academic problems cause a rise in employment.
Many toxins originate from plants or animals.
Why has the project been held up for so long?
You will study two courses and three modules.
Theft happens to a thousand people every day.
The goal of the company is to get investment.
The economy is now showing signs of recovery.
You will be tested via quiz and dissertation.
Honey can be used as food and health product.
Literature can be classified in various ways.
We have a lecture in the morning on Thursday.
We have a lecture in the morning of Thursday.
A typical study involves society and science.
Each student needs to meet his or her tutors.
A party is thrown in the small meeting room.
Avoid confusing the causes of these changes.
Exercise reduces the risk of morbid obesity.
He landed his job in a prestigious law firm.
Let me know if anybody struggles in the lab.
Our class will be divided into three groups.
Rising sales figures means a rise in demand.
You need to hand in the essay next semester.
The meeting has so many struggling overlaps.
The department is doing research on biology.
The deadline of this assignment is tomorrow.
The island is located far away from the bay.
She has been in the library for a long time.
Time was needed to process complex lectures.
The north car park will be closed on Sunday.
You will take your uniform on the first day.
The fiction books are just past the counter.
You can get your coffee and tea in the room.
Let me know if anyone struggles in the lab.
There are many branches of medical studies.
Get enough sleep the night before the test.
A laptop has been found at the biology lab.
Listening is key to succeed in this course.
This graph shows there is a minimum growth.
The designers will complete the plan today.
The gallery can only be visited on Fridays.
You can pay by cash or using a credit card.
A visit of design museum is greatly valued.
It is hard to anticipate all their actions.
We are fixing up disposable cups on campus.
New media is to find new areas to study in.
You must sign for attendance of this class.
You should submit your essay next semester.
The stairs are to the left of the elevator.
Those events are not yet fully understood.
The illnesses and the diseases are coming.
There was a lot of traffic in the morning.
A number of students have volunteer jobs.
Atmosphere is composed of several layers.
The meeting has some struggling overlaps.
All the course stages are on the website.
You can contact all your tutors by email.
Food cannot be eaten in the main library.
Please turn off the light to save energy.
There is a lot of traffic in the morning.
The teacher explains course to the class.
The economy is showing signs of revival.
You can use a laptop during the lecture.
The body fat keeps internal organs warm.
Essay is easy once research is finished.
Click the login above to enter the site.
Many important policies need to be made.
The site is designed to be interactive.
Student shop has a range of stationery.
There are places where we can get milk.
Time is needed to complete the lecture.
You can keep your bags in the backroom.
A good academic paper should be clear.
You are advised to revise the project.
The large, wide table is not for sale.
I will come back to this in a moment.
All the materials are your resources.
Media can influence humans' opinions.
You can contact oil traders by email.
Plagiarism in a test is very severe.
Every living thing begins as a cell.
The laundry table is not for sale.
Catch the camera to see the fish.
The cart carries a single object.
Salt is extracted from sea water.