.it’s within that framework that we’re making our survey.
.she is going to do master degree by mathematics.
2000 years ago, there were few people in the world.
39.5% california residents speak a language other than english at home.
39.5% of californian residents do not speak english at home.
39.5% of californian residents don’t speak english in the home.
39.5% of californians didn’t speak english at home.
85 percent of people say they fear speaking in public.
85% of people say they fear speaking in public.
a computer virus destroyed all my files.
a computer virus has destroyed all my files.
a course in art will stimulate creativity.
a demonstrated ability to write clear, correct and concise english is bigotry.
a demonstrated ability to write clear, correct and concise english is to write a bibliography.
a full bibliography is needed at the end of all assignments.
a full list of bibliography is needed at the end of all filed assignments.
a group of former students are reminiscing about their college days.
a hundred years ago, albert einstein first published his theory of general relativity.
a key feature in drug development is examination of the pharmacological effects.
a lot of agricultural workers came to the east end to look for alternative work.
a lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
a new cafe is opening in the library's basement.
a new report outlines ways in which cities should address transport issues.
a periodical is a publication that is issued regularly.
a preliminary bibliography is due the week before the spring break.
a renowned economist is selected to have a speech tonight at eight.
a science-based approach is vital for effective advancements.
a study shows that the people's mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
a study shows that the people’s mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
a study skill semester is on for the students who require assistance.
a study skill seminar is on for the students who require assistance.
a thorough bibliography is needed at the end of every assignment.
a verdict is needed for the jurisdiction of the district.
a verdict is required for the jurisdiction in the court.
absolutely, i don't think anyone should try to interfere with nature.
absolutely, i mean scientific development can be a positive thing.
academics need to go outside the university gates and communicate with ordinary people.
acupuncture is a technique involved in traditional chinese medicine.
adults need to have more sleeping time.
advertisements are all around us wherever we go, whatever we do.
advertisements can occur in unusual places, even in the sea or in the sky.
advertisements have to appeal to people of different ages, socioeconomic groups and sexes.
adverts might use humor, drama or catchy slogans to grab people's attention.
after i graduated from college, i spent two years traveling around the world.
after i graduated from college, i spent two years travelling around the world.
after she lost her job she couldn't afford to feed her dogs so she gave them away.
alex captured her hands and forced her to drop the potatoes.
all applications of internship are available in the office.
all course materials will be posted online.
all essays and semester papers submitted must be emailed to your tutor.
all essays and seminar papers submitted must be emailed to your tutor.
all filed assignments should have a full list of bibliographies.
all filed assignments should have a full list of bibliography.
all necessary information is in the assignment.
all of our accommodations are within a walking distance to the academic buildings.
all old buildings are still in use
all old university buildings are still in use
all old university buildings are still in use.
all postgraduate students should participate in the seminar.
all source of materials must be included in your bibliography.
all students and staff have access to printers and scanners.
all students and staff have the access to printers and laptops.
all students and staff have the access to printers and scanners.
all students are encouraged to vote in the forthcoming elections.
all students must participate in the exercise.
all students on engineering courses spent one year working on the wall experience.
all the assignments are based on class discussion.
all the assignments should be submitted by the end of this week.
all the necessary information is in the assignment.
all too often people overeat without realizing it.
all undergraduate students should participate in the seminar.
allergy problems do run in the family but we don't understand why.
allergy problems do run in the family, but we don’t understand why.
almost every representative of a new idea has to struggle and suffer similar difficulties.
america is related to the chocolate industry.
an extra lecture is about to be scheduled at the end of this week to assist you with revision.
an increase in population will result in fewer resources.
an interesting feature ofthe show is that the performers are so young-the youngest is only fourteen.
an understanding of persuasive techniques should help you recognise their use.
anatomy is the study of internal and external structures.
and in this regard, as well as in other regards this consideration is important.
and it's hard to take out the pollutants.
and that creates difficult situations for people.
and they might only breathe twice an hour.
animals grow larger and stronger to help them to hunt better.
animals grow larger and stronger to hunt better.
anonymous behaviors can be identified without intervention.
another is an electric bus with an open bottom for cars to drive under.
answering this complex question with a simple yes or no is absolutely impossible.
answering this/such complex question with a simple yes or no is (absolutely) impossible.
anxiety decreases rapidly when a person has more optimism and faith.
any text or references you make should be cited appropriately in the bibliography.
any text or references you make should be cited appropriately in the footnotes.
anyone who feels ill should visit our medical center.
anyone who has a problem with their accommodation should speak to the welfare officer.
apple is expected to announce several new products this fall.
applicants for the course preferably have a degree in english or journalism.
applicants for the course preferably have a degree on english or journalism.
applicants for the course probably have a preference over english or journalism .
applications for the course preferably have a preference over english or journalism
applications for the course preferably have a preference over english or journalism.
are you supposed to complete the assignment without any help from others?
arteries carry blood from heart to the other parts of the body.
arteries carry oxygenated blood from the heart to other parts of the body.
arts are always connected with political events and ideas of society.
as a student union member, we can influence the change of the university.
as for me, it is a strategy to go to judicial review.
assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
at night, sailors in the mediterranean can see the glow from the fiery molten material that is thrown into the air.
at the 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in america.
at the end of the ice age there would have been enormous changes in animal and plant life.
australian economy depends heavily on revenue from tourism and education.
back in the 1940s and 1950s people were smoking cigarettes frequently.
basically, marketing is about making people want to buy.
basketball was created in 1891 by a physician
basketball was created in 1891 by a physician and a physical instructor.
basketball was created in 1891 by a physician in physical structure.
before choosing your university course, you should consider your career.
before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
before electric lighting adults generally slept about nine or ten hours per night.
before reading chapter one, you must refer to the lecture notes first.
before you hear the rest of the talk you'll have some time to look at questions fourteen to twenty.
being a student representative on the union really cuts into my study time.
being a vegan means not consuming any animal meat.
being a vegan means not consuming any animal product.
being a vegan means not consuming any other animal meat.
being a vegan means not eating any other meat.
biographical information should be removed before the publication of the results.
biographical information should be removed before the publication of the results..
biographical information should be removed prior to the publication of results.
biology is the backbone of many specialized courses in the university.
books which are overdue will incur daily fine.
books which are overdue will incur daily fines.
but overall, surely scientific development is a positive thing?
but there's no context for the words we read.
but they haven't come to widespread use yet.
but we have confirmed the date and planned the optional extra visits
by changing the body positions, we can actually express our thoughts and feelings.
by clicking this button, you agree with the terms and conditions of this website.
by the way, if you want more information about any of the trips, have a look in the student newspaper.
can you help me complete this new questionnaire that university asks for?
care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups during the periods of turmoil.
care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups in the times of infection.
cellular engineering strategies are highly desirable.
change in the workplace can be quite tricky
chapter one provides the historical background to the topic.
charles used to ride the bus to town, but now his roommate drives him in.
children are not allowed in the chemical labs.
children are not allowed to be in the lab at any time.
children are not allowed to be in the laboratory at any time
children can share their lunch at around noon.
children, for example, are often exposed to negative role models at peer pressure.
cities need to invest more money in road systems.
columbia is a world leading coffee exporter.
companies are aiming to earn the money not to change the society.
companies are offering us all kinds of internet connected devices.
companies are offering us all kinds of internet connected services.
companies exist for money, not for society.
companies need to satisfy customers' needs if they want to be successful.
companies need to satisfy customers’ needs if they want to be successful.
companies' projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
company exists for money, not for society.
company software has changed a lot in the last year.
computer software has changed a lot since last year
computer software has changed a lot since last year.
conferences are always scheduled on the third wednesday of the month.
conformity involves acting or thinking like other group members.
conformity to the wrong group can be rather dangerous.
conservation is the survival of future generation.
contemporary commentators dismiss his idea as eccentric.
copying from the internet threatens to damage your chances of success.
costs can be calculated once the critical path has been established.
could you pass the material to students that are in your row?
could you please pass the handouts along to the rest of the people in your row.
could you please pass the handouts to students in your row?
country has been heavily subsidized.
critical literature theories broaden interpretation.
critical literature theory broadens interpretation.
critics want the government to take this one stage further and ban the film altogether.
critics want the government to take this one stage further and ban the film together.
cycle lanes make it safer to travel by bike.
detailed analysis of population growth has revealed some alarming predictions.
diagnosis is not a discrete or limited process.
diagnosis is not a single event, but an evolving process.
did you know that to become more fluent, you need lots of practice?
distance learning has become far more popular these days.
do analysts really think the producing energy is largely responsible for current environmental problems.
do analysts really think the producing energy is largely responsible for current environmental problems?
do you think new developments in science often cause more problems than they solve?
doctor green's office has been moved to the second floor of the building.
does the college refectory offer vegetarian dishes on a daily basis?
does the government in your country help families that need help?
does the professor keep regular office hours?
does the university have an ice hockey team?
doing this research makes me think of the purpose of science.
don't be afraid to leave part of research problem for future work.
don't forget to do a campus tour on the first week of your semester.
don't forget to do a library tour on the first week of your semester.
don’t forget to do a campus tour on the first week of your semester.
don’t forget to hand in your assignments by the end of next week.
don’t forget to take the library tour in the first week of the semester.
don’t hesitate to email me if any questions.
don’t hesitate to email me if you have any questions.
dr. green’s office has been moved to the second floor of the building.
due to rising for courses, universities should increase their staff, too.
due to the rising demand for courses, the university should also increase their academic staff.
during an official ceremony, a memorandum of understanding was signed by the academic dean.
during some stages of sleep, your eyes move rapidly behind your closed eyelids.
during that period heavy industry grew rapidly in the north of the country.
during that period, heavy industry grew rapidly in the north of the country.
during the 19th century , immigrants and urban political machines helped in the voting.
during the next few centuries, london became one of the most powerful and prosperous cities in europe.
during the second term, you are supposed to submit one essay per week.
during times of change they should be thinking not only about the strain on their staff
early next year there's a major auction of his work.
eating too much can lead to many health problems.
eating too much can lead to too many health problems.
eating too much will do harm to your health.
economy of scale is the increase in efficiency that occurs when more goods are produced.
elderly people can sometimes lose their connection to society.
electric cars are the future of transportation as they promise a cleaner environment.
elephant is the largest land living mammal.
elephants spend some of their sleeping time standing up and some of it lying down.
email increases the chances of miscommunication.
email's quick and convenient.
england is parliamentary democracy and constitutional monarchy.
enrollment in classes is supposed to be completed via university records system
environmental friendliness is a new category in which campuses are competing.
environmentalism is a category in which universities are competing.
essays should be typed with double space on white paper.
essays with few or no citations will be regarded as invalid.
essays with few or no citations will raise the concern of the lecturers.
establishing and retaining intellectual leadership clearly takes strong management skills.
even during leisure time you can hear attempts to persuade or influence.
even in big companies, some bad decisions have been attributed to group conformity.
even now, scientists still don't know whether animals dream while they sleep.
even with the permit, finding a parking spot on campus is still impossible.
every living thing begins as a single cell.
every year, students pass biology course easily.
everyone wanted to meet the artist and discussed the work they were interested in.
exam results will be available next week from the course office.
expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates in a job interview.
expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates.in a job interview.
export trade finance companies or agencies also provide information and support for export working capital.
extra seminar's to be scheduled to assist you with revision.
extra seminars will be scheduled to assist you with revision.
facebook is one of the most popular websites in the world today.
factor such as cost and function influence the design of the bridge.
factors such as cost and function influence the design of a bridge.
factors such as cost and function influence the design of the bridge.
farmers do not always receive market price for agricultural goods.
farmers do not always receive price for agricultural goods.
fatigue is a factor in a significant proportion of road accidents.
feelings of nerves are common to all university freshers.
fees are heavily discounted and bursaries are available for delegates.
fees are heavily discounted, and bursaries are available for delegates.
fees, results, and schedules will be available online on the university website.
few people now are skeptical about alternative power sources such as wind power.
financial support can be offered to help pay your fees and other costs.
first of all, a lot of students don't even know how to type very fast.
first of all, courses are listed on our website before registration.
fish is for sport, meat is for surviving
fish is for sport, meat is for surviving.
fishing is a sport and a means for survival.
fishing is a sport and a means for surviving.
folk tales are passed orally from generation to generation.
for human beings breathing is a symbol of life.
for human beings, breathing is a symbol of life.
for writing bibliography you need to use italic fonts.
fossil fuel companies know how to stop global warming.
generally, consumers don't trust advertisements.
generally, consumers trust friends more than commercial information, such as advertisements.
generally, students have unusual problems in school.
genetic and biochemical analyses have generated a detailed portfolio of mechanisms.
glass is not a real solid, because it doesn’t have a crystal structure.
globalization has been an overwhelming urban and urbanization phenomenon.
globalization problems need to find globalized solutions.
good research presents many benefits to the real people.
government policies though tough have been a blessing in disguise.
government policies, though tough, have been a blessing in disguise.
gravity is extraordinarily weak and nearly impossible to study directly at a quantum level.
half of the marks in mathematics are allocated to the correct working.
having a shower before going to bed can help you sleep.
he has a good collection of art.
he has led the party for over twenty years.
he is almost never in his office.
he kept giving me suggestive looks.
he looks as if he buys all his clothes from goodwill.
he needs to talk to you about your industrial architecture class.
he started his tutorial presentation right on time.
he studied for many years with an expert painter.
he told me it was the most important assignment of all.
he was an abstract expressionist painter.
he was clearly saying that his neighbours always helped him in his difficult times.
he was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture together.
he was not the only one to call for legal reform in the 16th century.
he was regarded as the foremost economist at that time.
he would use his brushes in new and interesting ways.
he would yearn for the chance to learn from the well-known artist.
he would yell if he was interrupted while painting.
he's showing his work at the london gallery of art.
he's shown an interest in exciting new art movements.
hemoglobin carries oxygen from lungs to other parts of the body.
her father prevented me from talking to her
her father prevented me from talking to her.
here in this area, you shouldn't find any huge social problems nowadays.
here is only one example but there are lots of others.
higher fees cause the student to look more critically at what universities offer.
higher fees make students think more critically about what universities can offer.
higher numbers of patients were infected than during previous outbreaks of the illness.
his academic supervisor called in to see him last night.
his lecture is always useful and stimulated.
his objection to include scientific evidence has brought a lot of controversy to him.
his objection to include scientific evidence has brought a lot of criticisms to him.
his tone tonight was nothing short of jealousy.
history is not a collection of dates and events.
history is not a simple collection of dates and events.
how much time did you spend on doing research before you started writing?
however, this method is problematic in terms of accuracy.
humans have the ability to mentally say over 700 words a minute.
humans need to use energy in order to exist.
hypothetically, insufficient mastery in the areas slows future progress.
i always have one milk in my coffee in the morning.
i am pleased to report that many topics have been involved in this lecture.
i am wondering if cell phones are actually just as dangerous as cigarettes.
i believe children should read aloud more.
i can give you a hand if you need help.
i can't afford to take a gap year unless i can get a job and save up.
i can't attend the lecture because i have a doctor appointment.
i can’t attend the lecture because i have a doctor appointment.
i could not save my work as my computer crashed.
i could not save my work as my computer got crashed.
i could not save my work as my computer was crashed.
i didn't agree with the author’s argument, but his presentation was good.
i didn't mean to eavesdrop on your conversation.
i didn’t attend yesterday’s lecture. could i borrow your notes?
i didn’t understand the author’s point of view on immigration.
i don't agree with the author's point of view, but his presentation is good.
i don't like cheese and tomato sandwiches on white bread and orange juice.
i don't like cheese tomato sandwich on white bread.
i don't like the cheese tomato sandwich on white bread
i don't understand what the comment of my essay means.
i don’t think they support that version of the program any more.
i don’t understand what the comment of my essay means.
i even know our baby's name when she looked at me.
i expect a long and stagnant debate for a week or two on this issue.
i found a large rock and i broke through the basement window.
i guess, the only way to make up for all the lost time is by doing overtime.
i had a sandwich and milk for my breakfast.
i hope i can take early retirement before i'm sixty.
i just want to let you know that i think you’re the most beautiful woman that i’ve ever seen.
i know how to solve the problem, but i've been asked not to tell you.
i know how to solve the problem, but i’ve been asked not to tell you.
i look for the day when a billion planets are populated with a billion people each.
i look forward to meeting you and helping you realize your goals.
i look in my closet for something to wear, but i couldn't find anything appropriate for the occasion.
i missed yesterday’s lecture. can i borrow your notes?
i must see him before he flies out to london for a week.
i must see him before he flies out to london for about a week.
i need more quotations to back up my argument.
i really don't think so.scientists should be free to do what they like.
i spent my time really studying human beings.
i spoke to him in english, but i couldn’t make myself understood.
i still don't understand the last sentence.
i think it's a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
i think it's one of the best things i have done really.
i think it’s a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
i think it’s really difficult for an englishman to imitate a real american accent.
i think of those leaders who inspire us to go beyond the call of duty.
i think the university's main campus is closed.
i think the university’s main campus is closed.
i think we can all agree that being fluent in two languages is a good thing.
i think we should get together over the weekend to discuss this assignment.
i thought the mid-term exam was only worth half of our course grade.
i used to have a cup of coffee with milk and one sugar.
i used to have a cup of coffee with one sugar.
i used to have coffee with milk and one sugar.
i used to have milk and sugar for my coffee.
i was overwhelmed with too much irrelevant information.
i will be in my office every day from 11 o’clock to 2 o’clock.
i will be in my office every day from 11 to 12.
i will be in my office every day from ten to twelve.
i will check again but i am pretty sure we are supposed to read chapter two.
i will now demonstrate how the reaction can be arrested by adding a dilute acid.
i will start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
i would like a cheese and tomato sandwich on white bread with orange juice.
i would like an egg and tomatoes on white sandwich bread with orange juice.
i would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house.
i would like tomato and cheese sandwiches on white bread and orange juice.
i would never feed my dog with commercial dog food.
i'd like to get a place of my own as soon as i can.
i'd like to start a family when i'm about thirty years old.
i'll start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
i'm afraid professor jones doesn't suffer fools gladly.
i'm glad that you've got it.
i'm glad you arrived here with safety.
i'm going to be late for my next class.
i'm not sure really. most research is beneficial but some can be unethical or even dangerous.
i'm sorry but i have a previous appointment tomorrow.
i've always been interested in biology and physics.
i've always wanted to get a degree in electronic engineering.
i've got a tutorial in an hour and haven't had time to prepare for it.
i've got a tutorial in an hour and i haven't had any time to prepare for it.
i've had a very happy childhood so i sometimes forget that others haven't
ideally, free trade is beneficial for trading to both two partners.
ideally, free trade is beneficial for trading with two partners.
ideally, free trade is beneficial to both the partners.
if little action is taken, we could experience energy shortages.
if she doesn't speak the language, she's not going to sit around a week for a translator.
if she doesn't speak the language, she's not going to sit around and wait for a translator.
if she doesn’t speak the language, she’s not going to sit around a week waiting for a translator.
if they find you suitable, they will happily apply for your visa sponsorship.
if you are unable to complete the task in time please notify me by email.
if you are unable to complete the task in time, please notify me by email.
if you are working after 11 o'clock, who will drive you home?
if you forget your passport, you need to contact the student center.
if you forget your password, you need to contact the student center.
if you forgot your student number, you should contact jenny brice.
if you forgot your student number, you should contact jenny brize.
if you have a driving license, getting a job would be easier for you.
if you have a question, ask me by email.
if you have an extra pair of shoes, may i have it please?
if you have problems, please contact your tutor.
if you knew how to get there in time, why didn't you tell him?
if you like to take notes, you can but there will be handouts.
if you need any information about the university, you can check from information office located beside the corridor.
if you need any information about the university, you can check the information office located beside the corridor.
if you need help, i can give you a hand in finding a flat.
if you need help, maybe i can give a hand.
if you want to quit the student union, tell the registrar.
if you want to receive the reimbursement, you must submit the original receipts.
if you want to sell your book, it must have a list of bibliography.
if you want your seminar to be postponed, make sure to get permission first.
if your parents come to visit you this semester where will they stay?
in 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in america.
in 1880, cycling became a major phenomenon in the united states.
in 2011, the population of the world reached 7 billion.
in consultation with your supervisor, your thesis is approved by the faculty committee.
in english, the first letter of the months of the year is always capitalized.
in english, the first letters of the months of the year are always capitalized.
in english, the month of the year is always capitalized.
in europe, the political pressure is similar regarding globalization.
in front of us is the car park as you can see and to the left, by the entry gate is the gift shop.
in just 12 years, the global population rose from 6 to 7 billion.
in market, short time thought often lead to disaster.
in marketing short term thinking leads to many problems.
in marketing, short-term thinking leads to many problems.
in most cases, quality products don't need much advertising.
in my free time, i would like to read current affairs and newspapers.
in my free time, i would like to read newspapers.
in our campus, prospective students had access to thirteen college libraries.
in our campus, prospective students have access to thirteen college libraries.
in our city, students have access to thirteen college libraries.
in our university, students have the access to 13 college libraries.
in spite the cold temperature, the sky is clear and blue.
in the 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in america.
in the dark, before the dawn, the plane was assembled.
in the end, it's what people like to eat that's important.
in the last few weeks, we've been looking at various aspects of the social history of london.
in the last few weeks, we’ve been looking at various aspects of the social history of london.
in the middle ages, a disease caused world population to fall.
in the past, people ate very different food.
in the past, students were required to complete too long written assignments.
in the past, students were required to complete two long written assignments.
in the top left corner is the grinding shop, where the tools were sharpened and finished.
in the winter it gets harsh, but it won’t be an issue since there is a heater.
in this library, reserve collection books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
in this library, reserved collection books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
in this library, the reserve collection of books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
information is being given to readers in a format that looks familiar.
international students can get help with locating housing near the university.
internet provides unusual opportunities for students and current events.
interpreters are not readily available in this department.
is hypothesis on black hole as rendered moot as explanation of explanations?
is hypothesis on black hole rendered moot as the explanation of astrophysics?
it gradually spread to many places throughout europe by the 1600s.
it is acknowledged that his work is groundbreaking.
it is argued that students can learn more in collaborative rather than individual study.
it is argued that students can learn more in collaborative rather than individual task.
it is clear that little accurate documentation is in support of this claim.
it is clear that there is little accurate documentation in support of this claim.
it is easy to provide the definition of the world.
it is good for the environment also good for your bill.
it is good for the environment also good for your electricity bill.
it is good for the environment, and also good for your electricity bill.
it is important that you work as a team on this project.
it is important to take gender into account when discussing the figures.
it is important to validate all assumptions before arriving at a conclusion.
it is interesting to observe the development of language skills of toddlers.
it is necessary to solve the equation to determine the unknown variable.
it is normal to wake up several times each night.
it is obligatory for companies to provide details of their industrial processes.
it is of interest to most students to take experiential learning course.
it is one of the oldest original parts of our university.
it is quite clear that the rising prosperity does not make people feel more content.
it is utmost important that you don't rely on translation online.
it is utmostly important that you don't rely on translation online.
it is within the framework that we’re making our survey.
it isn't certain whether or not other animals dream.
it isn't easy when it comes to the definition of this word.
it isn’t easy when comes to the definition of this word.
it provides an opportunity to work with other disciplines.
it seems that language appeared from nowhere.
it seems that language appears from nowhere.
it takes just over eight minutes for sunlight to reach our planet.
it was a groundbreaking discovery, but they had to pay a very high price for it.
it was acknowledged that his work was ground breaking.
it was impossible for me to make an arrangement of pick-up on given dates.
it's a difficult one.if you start prohibiting some research, where do you draw the line?
it's difficult for us to control our feelings of disgust.
it's important for people to connect to each other.
it's important that humans dispose of their waste in appropriate ways.
it's important that people with responsible jobs get plenty of sleep.
it's important to keep this medicine in the fridge.
it's just a feeling having tried something new and succeed.
it's just a feeling having tried something new and succeeded.
it's my opinion that technological advances will begin to slow.
it's time to finalize the work before the wednesday seminar.
it's time to finalize the work before wednesday’s seminar.
it's unusual that the university should offer only one anthropology course.
it’s confidence and it's an optimism that i now have.
it’s the words of common occurrence that have different referential value.
it’s the words of common occurrence that have different referential values.
it’s time to finalize the work before the wednesday seminar.
it’s within the framework that we’re making our survey.
i’ll start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
i’m afraid professor jones didn’t suffer fools gladly.
i’m glad you got here safely.
i’m quite aware of my own inadequacies.
i’m sorry for being late for today’s lecture.
i’ve always been interested in biology and physics.
i’ve got a tutorial in an hour and i haven’t had any time to prepare for it.
john went rushing off down the corridor.
jonathan is seldom on time for anything.
journalism is the collection and publication or transmission of news.
junk food's popularity relies on marketing
junk food’s popularity relies on marketing.
just wait a minute, i will be with you shortly.
just wait a minute. i will be with you shortly.
knife and fork should be placed next to the spoon on the edge of the table.
knives and forks should be placed next to the spoon on the edge of the table.
label the beakers and put them away.
lack of sleep can lead to changes in behavior.
larger numbers of city residents means greater car ownership.
leading scientists speculate that numerous planets could support life forms.
lecture theater is located on the ground floor of the building.
lecture theater is located on the ground floor of the pack building
let's all meet at four, not three as we agreed before.
let's look at the economic costs first.
loans are only available for international students.
lots of students had money and passport stolen especially at night.
lots of students had money and passports stolen especially at night.
make sure the financial director knows the full details of the pay agreement.
make sure you correctly cite all your sources.
many health workers think that pensioners are too old to understand.
many medical volunteers no longer have access to medical literature.
many of his research objectives are driven by his natural curiosity and instincts.
many of my friends say they want to leave home to study overseas but i wouldn't.
many of the most popular courses are available online.
many of the universities' original buildings are still in use.
many of the university’s original buildings are still in use
many of the urban poor lived in an extremely cramped condition.
many of the urban poor lived in extremely cramped conditions.
many people approached and were eager to help, but he didn’t want their help.
many privately owned firms have been eaten up by larger corporations.
many species have yet to be described by biologists.
many students are so scared of writing essays, because they never learned how.
many undergraduate students go back home to stay with their parents after graduation.
market research surveys might be given by telephone, the internet or in person.
marketing involves many activities, including doing research, developing products and promoting them.
mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election.
mary has nobody to talk with, but she doesn’t feel lonely.
may the love of those around you help you through the days ahead?
maybe it is time for me to make some changes.
meeting with mentors can be scheduled for students who require additional support.
meeting with tutors could be arranged for students who need additional help.
meteorology is a detailed study of earth’s atmosphere.
meteorology is a subject of earth's atmosphere.
meteorology is a subject of earth’s atmosphere.
modern poetry often tests the conventions of language and rhythm.
modern poetry often tests the conventions of language and the rhythm.
modern thanksgiving was first officially established in all states in 1863
more females than males graduated from universities last year.
more muscles are used in swimming than other sports.
most adults need around eight hours of sleep every night.
most animals have triangular vocal cords, but the lion's mighty pipes are square.
most of american volcanoes are hidden under the seas.
most of the assignments should be submitted on the same day.
most of the lectures begin promptly, so do not be late.
most of the strategies are in a preclinical state.
most of these criticisms can be shown to be false.
most people dislike advertisements but appear to be influenced by them anyway.
most people feel lonely at some point in their lives.
most printers in the computer lab are out of ink.
most printers in the library are out of ink.
most scientists believe that climate change threatens lives on the earth.
most students are not eligible to claim housing benefits.
most students in last year's course did well in this module.
most students in last year’s course did well in this module.
most teaching staff make their lecture notes available online.
most university teaching take place in lectures and seminars.
moving up the class ladder also brings unexpected costs.
much of his research objectives are driven by his natural curiosity and instincts.
much of the evidence been used has only recently become available.
much of the evidence used has only recently become available.
my biggest concern for the future is climate change.
my favorite place in my hometown is the main park located downtown.
my laptop has crashed and cannot save any file.
my parents didn't have a good education so they were determined that i would.
my satisfaction was complete when she looked at me.
my siblings and i were waiting for my mother to come back from the hospital.
my tutorial class will begin at the next monday’s morning session.
my tutorial class will begin on next monday morning.
my tutorial class will begin on the next monday's morning.
native discourse continues to be predominant in discussion of gender.
native discourse continues to be predominate in discussion of gender.
nearly half of the television outputs are given away for educational programs.
negative discourse continues to be predominant in discussions about gender.
new shores were formed and totally different creatures would have washed up onto the shores.
new technology has a role to play in innovation.
new timetables will be posted on the student noticeboard.
new york city is famous for its ethnic diversity.
newspapers across the country have been reporting stories of the president.
newspapers across the world are reporting stories of presidents.
newspapers across the world reported stories of presidents.
newspapers are supported primarily by the sale of advertising space.
next time, we will discuss the influence of the media on public policy.
next time, we'll discuss the influence of the media on public policy.
next week's assignment will be similar to last week's.
next year i'm planning to take a sabbatical so that i can travel to south america.
nine out of ten british people live in towns and cities.
no crop responds more readily than careful husbandry and skillful cultivation.
no crop responds more readily to care for husbandry and skilful cultivation.
no more than four people can be in the lab at once.
not everyone wants to keep in touch with their old school friends when they leave school, but i would like to.
note-taking methods work great both on paper and digitally.
novelists have a major role to play in inflecting their time to their readers.
novelists have a major role to play in reflecting their time to their readers.
nowadays, boys and girls still often conform to gender stereotypes.
nowadays, persuasion is an important area of research within social psychology.
number the beakers and put them away before tomorrow.
number the beakers and put them away until tomorrow.
number the beakers and put them away.
number the bricks and put them away before tomorrow.
of all the heating and cooling options, central heating is the best.
of course, you can also choose to have your grades emailed to you.
often, the point of that advertisements is to raise awareness rather than give information.
on behalf of our department, i would like to thank you for your participation.
on this project, you will be asked to work as a group of three.
once more under the pressure of economic necessity, practice outstripped theory.
one of the hardest things about starting university is finding your way around.
one of the salient features of academic writing is the tendency to use formal words.
one of the salients of academic writing is the tendency to use formal words.
one solution is a system of electric cars to hire on-demand.
one theory says that dreams help the long-term memory.
only those who are over eighteen years of age are eligible to open a bank account in our bank.
opposition to the government tax policies are wide spread across business sectors.
opposition to the government tax policies is widespread across business sectors.
organic food is growing without applying chemicals and no artificial additives.
organic food is grown without applying chemicals and the possesses no artificial additives.
organic food is grown without applying chemicals and the process is without artificial additives.
our capacity to respond to national needs will determine our ability to flourish.
our class is divided into two groups. you come with me, the others stay here.
our class is divided into two groups; you come with me and the other stay here.
our exam results are consistently high in all subjects.
our friends give us emotional support, although not always.
our fundamental realities, especially national needs, have seen the ability to flourish.
our future well-being depends on action we take now.
our lecture on robotic engineering takes place on tuesday.
our log books make up a five percent of total marks.
our log books make up five per cent of total marks.
our professor is hosting the business development conference next week.
our school of arts and technology accepts applications at all points throughout the year.
our tutorial will take place on the second floor in room one.
our university accommodation has a volleyball team for students to join in.
our university has strong partnerships with industry as well as collaborative relationships with government bodies.
our young people need education and more organized activities.
overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the daily life of the majority of the population.
overcrowding, poor sanitary affected the daily lives of the majority of the population.
parental expectations are a major cause of stress among students.
parents should provide guidance and examples to children's values.
parents try to influence their children by using toys and other incentives.
participants were not performing an actual purchase.
people get product information from advertisements, friends, family and product reviews.
people often conform during their leisure time as well as in their work hours.
people see ads on the internet, on tv and in magazines.
people tend to be least happy in middle age.
people who carry on eating junk food may suffer negative health consequences.
people with active lifestyles are less likely to die early or have major illnesses.
people with an active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have a major illness.
physics is a detailed subject of matter and energy.
physics is the subject of matters and energy.
physiology is the study of internal and external structure of the body.
please be careful when using internet sources.
please be careful when using online translation programs.
please carefully study the framework and complete the survey.
please come to the next seminar properly prepared.
please do not bring food into the classroom.
please explain what the author means by sustainability.
please finish all the reading chapters before the field trip.
please go straight and turn left to reach the library.
please hand in assignments at the main office.
please have copies of your seminar papers in the library a week in advance.
please leave any questions related to the topic until the end.
please make sure all works follow the department deadlines.
please make sure all works follow the department guidelines.
please note that the college laboratories will be closed for cleaning next week.
please note the college laboratories will be closed for cleaning next week.
please pass the handouts along to the rest of the people in your row.
please prepare a powerpoint presentation for tomorrow's meeting.
please prepare a powerpoint presentation for tomorrow’s meeting.
please read the first five chapters before the next week’s tutorial
please read the first five chapters to prepare for next week's tutorial.
please register your student email account at your earliest convenience.
please sign your name here if you want to join the social club.
please sort and order the slides of the presentation according to topic and speech time.
please switch off all electronic devices when you are attending a conference session.
please write your name on essay cover sheet.
please write your name on the essay cover sheet.
politicians and marketing professionals have a good understanding of persuasion.
politicians can make better decisions if they listen to the public opinion.
portfolio is due to the internal review office no later than tuesday.
professor clayton donated some of her books to the college library.
professor gordon just called me a few minutes ago.
professor smith will be late for today's lecture.
proficiency in a foreign language may be demonstrated by assessment.
proteins constitute at least thirty percent of the total mass of all living organism.
proteins constitute at least thirty percent of the total mass of all living organisms.
psychologists use a range of techniques to study the human mind and behavior.
psychology is the study of the mental processes and behavior.
psychology relies on scientific methods to investigate questions and arrive at conclusions.
public speaking is one of the qualities they were seeking among the candidates.
public transport is the best way to travel to university.
put the knife and fork next to the spoon near the edge of the table.
quality of life is an important measure on which the cities are ranked.
quantitative and temporal parameters of food consumption were used.
rather unfortunately, ads sometimes give misleading information rather than informing.
read the fitness center instructions before attempting to use the equipment.
remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the lecture hall.
repeat sentence
research has found that there is no correlation between diet and intelligence.
reserve collection books can be borrowed up to three hours.
reserved collection of books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
reserved collection of books can be borrowed up to three hours.
residence hall is closed prior to the academic building closing time in the semester.
robert frost thinks the rural area is livable for people in new england.
robert would live in rural areas in london.
robots are able to communicate with humans around them.
rules about break and lunch time vary from one country to another.
rules for breaks and lunch time vary from one country to another.
scholarship applications must be handed in at the end of the month.
scientific developments often cause lots of problems so sometimes they're not worth it.
scientists are getting closer to the answers of these questions.
scientists are getting closer to the answers of this question.
scientists still aren't sure why we need to sleep.
sea levels are expected to rise during next century.
select question type:
several copies must be supplied to the university department to fulfil the requirement.
she ate a sandwich and drank juice.
she doesn't care about anything but what is honest and true.
she doesn't even care about anything but what is honest and true.
she doesn't pay much attention to how she dresses.
she feared becoming an object of ridicule.
she glanced nervously around the brush and back at him.
she had a great exhibition last year.
she has been in the library for a long time.
she is an expert of the 18th century french literature.
she is an expert of the eighteenth century french literature.
she sold all her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
she sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
she told the faculty to be very supportive.
she used to be everywhere, but today she is missing.
she was always here, but today she is missed.
since the problems we face are global, we need to find the global solutions.
since the problems we face are global, we need to find the relative solutions
since the problems we face are global, we need to find the relative solutions.
sleep science is a very active area of research.
smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution.
so what do the lungfish do in order to survive?
social robots can show different facial expressions and emotions.
some details underlying the issue must be addressed first.
some methods for clinical applications have been presented as well.
some of the worst accidents in history have been linked to sleep deprivation.
some people suggest a levy on junk food to discourage its consumption.
some people think that having a child is not a major responsibility but obviously it is.
some species of birds can sleep while they are flying.
some teenagers in my school are not very well-behaved but fortunately all my friends are.
some young people seem to be addicted to their cell phones.
sometimes ads promote a brand rather than a particular product.
spending quality time together is important for most families but unfortunately, it's not always possible to do so.
spiritualism is defined as a system of belief or religious practice.
sport is the cause of traumatic brain injuries in the united states.
staying near the place of work saves precious hours every day.
storytelling is a common teaching technique in many countries.
street lighting allows people to walk home safely at night.
student discount cards can be used in the coffee house on campus.
student discount cards can be used on campus in the coffee house.
student loans are now available for international students.
student residential hall is very close to the academic building, which is in a walking distance.
student services provide help with housing and transport.
students are afraid of writing an essay, because they have learned nothing about it.
students are competing for every place in the computer courses.
students are held accountable for adhering to establish community standards.
students are held accountable for adhering to established community standards.
students are held accountable for adhering to the established community standards.
students are instructed to hand in their assignments by the end of this week.
students are not allowed to take journals out of the library.
students are not allowed to take the journal out of the library.
students are so scared of writing essays because they have never learned how.
students can avoid viruses by eating lots of fruits and vegetables.
students can download the lecture handouts from the course website.
students can download the materials from the website.
students can get access to computers on a daily basis.
students can put their lectures on the website.
students can share their foods at noon.
students do better when they interact with others with completely different perspectives on things.
students must hand in their assignments by friday.
students must observe lab safety regulations at all time.
students must observe lab safety regulations at all times.
students need to finish their assignments during next four weeks.
students need to finish their assignments during the next four weeks.
students should book a library tour on the first week of the first semester.
students should take advantage of the online resources before attending the lecture.
students should take advantages of the internet before attending the lecture.
students who selected two to three courses may need an extension.
students who wish to apply for an extension should approach their tutors.
students who wish to join the summer camp, should enroll by this weekend.
students will not be given credits for assignments submitted after the due date.
students with enquiries about this term’s time tables must speak to the tutor immediately.
students with queries about this term timetables must speak to the tutor immediately.
students' assignments should be submitted before the deadline.
studies suggest there may be a correlation between educational achievement and family size.
successful applicants will work with a large team of researchers.
surprisingly, some people actually enjoy watching advertisements on television.
sydney is australia's largest city, chief port and cultural center.
sydney is australia’s largest city, chief port and cultural center.
talented people do special marketing.
teenagers more than most age groups feel strong pressure to conform.
that brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
that country's economy is primarily based on tourism.
that country’s economy is primarily based on tourism.
the number of companies bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
the aesthetic implications of the study have not yet been fully explored.
the aesthetic implications of this study have not yet been fully explored.
the agricultural sector in that country has been heavily subsidized.
the aim of the work presented could be formulated as follows.
the aim of the work, presented could be formulated as follows.
the amount of sleep that adults need doesn't change as they get older.
the application form is available in the office
the application form is available in the office .
the application form must be submitted before the end of term.
the application process is longer than expected.
the artist is exhibiting in the national art gallery next year.
the artist used an apartment as his studio.
the artist's early work was a good buy.
the arts magazine is looking for a new assistant editor.
the atmosphere is very important to our lives, and we can not live without it.
the australian economy depends heavily on revenue from tourism and education.
the author expressed an idea that modern readers cannot accept.
the author expressed an idea that modern readers inevitably cannot accept.
the author is currently the professor at the cambridge university.
the book is informative but it could be accused of political bias.
the books are filled with drawings of machines invented when he was a student.
the books in the library can be borrowed for up to 3 hours.
the books in the library can be borrowed up to three hours.
the books reserved in the library can be borrowed for up to 3 hours.
the bookshop is located at the north end of the main campus.
the bookshop is located at the north of main campus.
the bookstore is located on the main campus behind the library.
the brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
the buildings looked lovely in the bright sunshine.
the burning of fossil fuels leads to pollution and global warming.
the bus in front of the building will take you to bus station.
the bus in front of the building will takes you to bus station.
the bus will depart from outside of the building in 5 minutes.
the cafe house is closed down but the snack machine will be running throughout the night.
the cafe will close soon but you can use the snack machine which is running overnight.
the cafeteria closes soon but the snack machine is accessible throughout the night.
the café house is closed down and the snack machine is still running (throughout the night)
the café will close soon but you can still access the snack machine which is running over night.
the campus tour will help you get familiar with the teaching facilities.
the car he was riding crashed into a train.
the celebrated professor contributed several innovative ideas to the field.
the characteristics of the newly discovered insects match the ones we have on record.
the chemistry building is still open during vacation.
the chemistry exam results will be posted on the website.
the chemistry exam results would be posted on the website.
the chief economist has radical ideas for the economy.
the chief executive reads several new books every month.
the chief industries are weaving, leather making, dying and working in iron and pottery.
the circulation desk is located on the ground floor.
the city needs improved infrastructure to attract more investments.
the clear evidence between brain events and behavioral events is fascinating.
the coffee is free for the university students on weekdays.
the college welcomes postgraduate students from all over the world.
the college welcomes students from all over the world.
the company number of bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
the competency in the language in the assignment is to use more formal words.
the competency of the language in the assignment is to use more formal words.
the computer viruses destroy all my files.
the concepts in this thesis were not new.
the conference is predicted to draw greater numbers than last year.
the content of the book on the cover must be in capitals.
the contest includes both the land history and the human history.
the contest includes both the land living history and the human history.
the context includes both the land history and the human history.
the context is basically the background of framework surrounding the act of communication.
the country has been heavily subsidized.
the country suffered a series of invasion by tribes from present-day germany and denmark.
the country suffered a series of invasions by tribes from present-day germany and denmark.
the course comprises twenty hours of lectures, seminars and tutorials each week.
the course comprises twenty hours of lectures, seminars and tutorials per week.
the course examines one of the profound ethical dilemmas.
the course registration is open early march for new students.
the current and conventional method has many disadvantages including the side effects.
the current statistical evidence indicates the need of further research.
the date of the invention of the first clock is disputed among historians.
the date of the invention of the first clock was disputed among historians.
the department works closely for business community.
the development in information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
the development is mainly included in chapter 9.
the development was mainly included in chapter nine.
the doctor was not here today.
the drama society is now auditioning for parts in the student play.
the due date is cancelled, because they found many issues in the project structure.
the economic class will take place in the main lecture room.
the elephant is the largest land living mammal.
the elephant is the largest mammal on the land.
the english word typhoon comes from the chinese word big wind.
the english word typhoon comes from the chinese word ‘big wind’.
the facts you have gone out with such infinite trouble were in failure to pinch.
the feeling of disgust is related to the stomach.
the fertile plains in the east of the region provide excellent land for farming.
the final year will consist of four taught courses and one project.
the financial report for the last quarter will be available this afternoon.
the fire left the area almost completely devoid of vegetation.
the first few sentences of an essay should capture the readers' attention.
the first few sentences of an essay should capture the readers’ attention.
the first person in space was from the soviet union.
the flexibility is the key factor in this course this semester.
the free trades are mutually beneficial for two partners.
the future of english is in the hands of countries where non-native speakers live.
the gallery has shown many chinese paintings.
the gap between rich and poor is not decreasing rapidly as expected.
the gap between the rich and the poor was not decreased rapidly as expected.
the generic biology technology lab is located at the north wing of the library.
the generic biology technology lab is located in the north wing of the library.
the genetic biology technology lab is located at the north wing of the library.
the geographic assignment should be submitted by the midday of friday.
the grade will be deducted for submitting after the due date.
the hardness of the butter is proportional to the softness of the bread.
the health center is situated at the corner of the university behind the library
the health center is situated at the corner of the university behind the library.
the history of economics is a tricky subject to study.
the hypothesis needs to be tested in a more rigorous way.
the hypothesis needs to be tested.
the hypothesis on black hole is rendered moot as the explanation of the explosion.
the hypothesis on the black hole is rendered moot as the explanation for the explosion.
the impact of climate change could result in floods.
the information on the internet become more reliable.
the information on the internet is becoming more reliable.
the inherent tension between these two features remains to be addressed.
the initial results are intriguing; however, statistically speaking they are insignificant.
the interaction of climate change and soil degradation will probably aggravate conditions.
the investigation aims to establish stains of the problem.
the key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
the key to success in the exam is to study hard and do well.
the largest department in this university is history department.
the latest version of the operating system has many flaws.
the law library is closed on sundays and public holidays.
the leading scientists speculate that numerous planets could support life forms.
the lecture management in japan will take place in the week seven.
the lecture on child psychology has been postponed until friday.
the lecture on geology is postponed to another day.
the lecture theatre one is located on the ground floor of the pack building.
the lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policies in the united states.
the lecture was meant to start at ten.
the lecture will deal with the influence of technology on music.
the library is closed for monday and thursday.
the library is located at the other side of the campus behind the student center.
the library offers group study rooms, so you can work with other students.
the library will be closed for 3 days over the bank holiday weekend.
the majority of the hardware we are using was built for a customer.
the maximum production of chocolate is in the u.s..
the maximum production of chocolate is in u.s.
the media are to blame for excessive promotion of unhealthy food.
the medical center is located near the supermarket on north street.
the medical centre is located near the supermarket on north street.
the meeting will take place in the main auditorium.
the minimal mark for distinction is 75%.
the minimal mark for distinction is no less than 75%.
the minimum mark for distinction grade is no less than 75%.
the mismatch between the intended and reported uses of the instrument has become clear.
the modern approach to the problem is to stress the symbolic side of human nature.
the most modern agricultural equipment is now extremely expensive.
the nearest automatic teller is in front of anatomy labs.
the negative discourse continues to be predominant in discussions about gender.
the new drug will be tested in north america.
the new english class will start next monday morning.
the new english classes will start next monday morning.
the new hypothesis needs to be tested with a new controlled experiment.
the new professor used to work in a world bank.
the new timetable will be posted on the website before class starts.
the newly discovered star was a subject to global debate about its origin.
the next semester has many demanding courses.
the number of bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
the number of people in the world tripled during the last century.
the number of students registering for post graduate research has risen.
the number of students registering for postgraduate research has risen.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays directly following the freshman induction seminar.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays directly following the freshman seminar.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays.
the office opens on wednesday and thursday.
the office said dr. smith will arrive later today.
the older equipment has been put at the back of the building.
the opposition has so far been unresponsive to our proposal.
the original olympic game is one kind of original festival.
the original olympic games were celebrated as religious festivals.
the painter is well-known for his abstract period.
the part of the story is the story of my father.
the pharmacy was closed when i went past this morning.
the plan is to phase out all cars with internal combustion engines by 2050.
the politics combine both the legislative and the political authorities.
the pollution level in new delhi has reached an alarming level.
the portfolio is due to the internal review office no later than tuesday.
the problem with this is that it fails to answer the basic question.
the problems that science solves far outweigh the problems that it may bring.
the process is simple, just call them or ask for a representative to guide you.
the professor has promised to put his lecture notes online.
the professor is going to discuss the conflict.
the professor plans to discuss these issues this evening.
the professor will be the last speaker this evening.
the professor will talk about the summary in the lecture.
the program depend entirely on private funding.
the program depends entirely on private funding.
the program will be shown on the television during the weekend.
the psychology department is looking for volunteers to be involved in research projects.
the puppets do comedy routines and there is some terrific formation dancing.
the purpose is to build new houses for local people.
the quality of life is an important measure on which the cities are ranked.
the quality of our accommodation is high, but it is still affordable for students.
the real reason for global hunger is not the lack of food, but poverty.
the recent study has thrown out the validity of the argument.
the recent technical advances have not only been big, they have also been fast.
the registration for courses is open for new students.
the renewable energy alternatives were the main aspect of debate during the meeting.
the research looked at neighbourhood cooperative schemes such as community gardens.
the research looked at the neighborhood cooperative schemes such as community gardens.
the research paper should begin with a thorough review of the literature.
the residence hall is closed prior to the academic building closing time at the end of the semester.
the resident's hall is closed prior to the closing time of the academic building at the end of the semester.
the result of the study will be published next month.
the results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detection.
the results will be available in the main course and online.
the romans left in 410 at the beginning of the fifth century.
the romans left in 410, at the beginning of the 5th century.
the rules on breaks and lunch hours vary from company to the next
the school of arts and design has an open day on thursday next week.
the school should be spending all that money to construct a new science library.
the search for universal explanations plays an important role in the development of archaeological theory.
the seminar on writing skills has been cancelled.
the seminar papers should be submitted in the main office which is located behind the library.
the seminar will be on the last week of the quarter.
the seminar will be on the next week of the quarter.
the seminar will now take place a week on tuesday.
the small indian island is made up of forests and snowy valleys.
the smart city is an idea that has captured the imagination of governments all over the world.
the smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution.
the speaker mentioned two things that affect happiness.
the sports team members often practice on weekdays and play games on weekends.
the student housing is of very high quality, but still affordable.
the student service center is located on the main campus behind the library.
the student welfare officer can help students with different issues.
the student welfare officer can help with questions about exam techniques.
the student welfare officer can help you with questions about exam techniques.
the students union governs the use of the sports center.
the study of archaeology requires intensive international fieldwork.
the study showed that people's mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
the study showed that people's mood could be affected by news and weather reports.
the study showed that people’s mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
the supplementary energy sources are needed after exertion.
the technician left the new microscope in the biology lab.
the technology they introduced meant that metal and leather goods were produced there for the first time.
the television output is giving evident educational programming.
the test selected materials from all chapters in this course this semester.
the theoretical proposal was challenged to grasp.
the theoretical proposal was challenging to grasp.
the thoughts never cross my mind.
the thought’s never crossed my mind.
the timetable for next term will be available next week.
the timetable for the new term will be available next week.
the timetable for the next term will be available next week.
the timetable will be posted on the website before the class starts.
the topic for discussion is usually related to the topic for a speech.
the topic next week on colonialism will be the nuclear disarmament.
the topic next week on our column will be the nuclear disarmament.
the translator is not available in our department.
the treasure hunters were willing to take any risks to get to the location.
the trial experiment is to increase the interests of the issue and the jurisdiction clause.
the trial is to increase the interest of the issue and the jurisdiction.
the trip for the professional training will start soon, so pack the items before we leave.
the trip for the professional training will start soon, so, pack the items before we leave.
the tutor is there for help, so do ask if you don't understand anything.
the tutor is there to help, so do ask if you don’t understand anything.
the tutorial is held on the 8th of april.
the two variables in the study were very closely correlated.
the undergraduate students are taught with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
the undergraduate students are teaching with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
the undergraduates students are taught with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
the united kingdom is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy.
the united states has become a coffee culture in recent years.
the united states has developed a coffee culture in recent years.
the united states has the maximum production of chocolate.
the university has a lot of travel scholarships available that students can apply for.
the university celebrated earth day by planting trees.
the university celebrated the earth day by planting trees.
the university has a number of travel scholarships that students can apply for.
the university has a world renowned school of archaeology.
the university is dedicated to providing quality education to all students.
the university is willing to join the joint research efforts of the local council.
the university is working towards being more environmentally sustainable.
the university supplies a number of scholarships for qualified students.
the university supplies a number of scholarships for those who have specific goals.
the university will introduce several new courses in the coming year.
the us ranks the twenty-second in foreign aid, given it as a percentage of gdp.
the us ranks twenty-second in foreign aid, given it as a percentage of gdp.
the verdict depends on which side is more convincing to the jury.
the verdict depends on which side was more convincing to the jury.
the visiting professor is going to give a lecture for geology.
the visiting professor is going to give a lecture on geology.
the vocabulary with particular meaning is jargon.
the way of looking at something depends on your situation.
the website interface represents the stimulus that influence consumer's decision making.
the website interface represents the stimulus that influence consumer’s decision making.
the well-known economist was supposed to reread the subscription before eight.
the wheelchair gradewalk to russell falls is the most popular track in the park.
the wheelchair lift has been upgraded this month.
the wheelchair lift will be upgraded this month.
then we go for ones where we know there're guided tours, because this gives good focus for the visit.
theories are based on practical as discussed.
theories are based on the practical as discussed.
there are a range of housing options near the university.
there are hundreds of clubs and societies to choose from.
there are lots of people competing for places in computer courses.
there are lots of people competing for the places in computer courses.
there are many abstract paintings here.
there are many good methods that can be used.
there are no places left in the morning tutorial.
there are no scheduled classes during the final exam weeks.
there are on-going problems with over-consumption of junk food.
there are several reasons for population growth, such as better education.
there are several reasons for this lack of interest in corporate crime, compared with other types of crime.
there are varying approaches to plagiarism across different university departments.
there are varying plagiarism across different university departments.
there are varying plagiarism policies across different university departments.
there has been a rapid growth in the commercial market.
there is a limited amount of departmental funding which is available for qualified students.
there is a lot of sugar in many fast food.
there is a new pharmacy on the north side of the university campus.
there is a pharmacy on campus near the store.
there is a plan in place for those who have difficulty paying their bills.
there is a position available for a junior lecturer in media studies.
there is a position available for assistant lecturer for mathematics.
there is absolutely no archaeological evidence to prove that alexander the great existed.
there is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment
there is considerably less supervision at university.
there is disagreement among researchers about why we dream.
there is limited funding in this department to support qualified students.
there is little evidence available to contradict his viewpoints.
there is no entrance fee for tonight’s lecture.
there is no guarantee that you will get your first choice.
there is plenty of cheap accommodation off-campus.
there is varying plagiarism across different university departments.
there will be a conference here next summer on using the web for academic research.
there will be a guest lecturer visiting the department next month.
there will be a guest lecturer visiting the psychology department next month.
there will be a significant rise in tuition fees starting next year.
there will be ample opportunities to ask questions about the presentation.
there will be an open book exam on monday, the 28th.
there will be an open book exam on monday, the twenty-eighth.
there will be no extensions given for this project.
there will be open book exams on monday the 28th.
there won't any space for me in the car.
there won't be any space for me in the car.
there's an hourly bus service from the campus into town.
there's been far more research on conventional crime and far more data is available.
they can tutor other students who need help for the preparation of the course and the test.
they have enough works to keep them going.
they say professor james's lectures are always interesting and fun.
they say professor james's lectures are always interesting and funny.
they were struggling to pay their fees last year.
this work will be the starting point of my discussion today.
this argument relies on huge advances in computer translation and speech recognition.
this article covers the who, where and when of the conflict.
this article covers who, where and when of the conflict.
this brought about the tremendous change in the environment, with the sea level rising and creeping steadily inland.
this can be seen as the starting point of my discussion today.
this can be used as a starting point of my discussion today.
this course will examine some of the profound ethical dilemmas.
this essay examined the use of computer in the science classroom.
this is a chance to take a risk, try something new and something that you like.
this is a prestigious program for our university.
this is how we deliver health care to millions of people over the world.
this is the third time you've asked for an extension on this project.
this is the third time you’ve asked for an extension on this project.
this lecture was meant to start at 10.
this lecture was meant to start at ten.
this material is good for the next week's seminar.
this module develops our understanding of the theory behind advertising campaigns.
this number went up very slowly over several centuries.
this office is highly associated with your academic life in campus.
this part of session is not supported by documentation.
this part of the session is not supported by documentation.
this part of the story is the story of my father.
this process has enabled the rational identification of core machinery.
this science fiction novel uses inventions of better space to create the setting.
this semester we plan to specialize in education psychology.
this semester we plan to specialize in educational psychology.
this session is not supported by documentation.
this short line on the painting represents life.
this small indian state is a land of forest valleys and snowy islands.
this small indian state is a land of forests, valleys and snowy islands.
this will make the tutoring session really slow.
this year we are applying to use a different type of assessment on this module.
those reference books are too old, while the others are ok.
those students have to retake the module if their marks are too low.
three of the students were confused by the key hypothesis.
to acquire a copy of the presentation, please go to my website.
to answer such a complex question with a simple yes or no is absolutely impossible.
to be honest, the scholarships are reserved to boost admissions.
to be precise, your assignments need an abstract at the beginning.
to contact the education executive, you need to call 401.
to get further extension, you need to call the education executive on 401.
to improve the essay, i decided to include more direct quotes.
to measure distance could take as much as three weeks.
to receive the reimbursement, you must keep the original receipts.
to start your visit, i'm just going to give you a brief account of the history of the museum.
to understand its entity, we need to go back to its origin.
today we are going to move on to the next chapter-volcano.
today, we will be discussing the role of government in preventing injustice.
today, we will be discussing the role of the government in preventing injustice.
today, we will discuss the sonnet and course papers.
tom doesn't watch tv except on saturdays.
tom suggested another plan to the committee.
tomorrow's lunch time seminar on nuclear engineering has been postponed.
tomorrow's lunchtime seminar on nuclear engineering has been postponed.
trade finance is an important part of the business.
trade financing for the local market or the international market for exports begin from the first stop at the banks.
traffic is very bad in the evening, therefore we must leave early.
traffic is very bad in the evening; therefore, we must leave early.
traffic snarled up on both sides of the road.
try to explain how your ideas are linked so that there is a logical flow.
tuesday's lecture on social psychology will now take place in the central hall.
tuesday’s lecture on social psychology will now take place in the central hall.
tutorials are held for two hours every thursday during semester.
tutorials are held for two hours every thursday during the semester.
unfortunately, the two most interesting economic selection clash on my timetable.
unfortunately, the two most interesting economics selections clash on my timetable.
unfortunately, their immune systems were not strong enough to fight off common earthly bacteria.
university students pay a lot of money for their education.
university students pay a lot of money for their educations.
unlike applied arts, fine arts do not serve a practical function.
unlike the other store, where it can take up to 14 days, this will only be a week.
usually but not always, reviews provided unbiased source of information.
various measures were proposed which would not have aggravated the situation.
very little of the work of today's knowledge firm is repetitive mechanical.
very little of the work of today’s knowledge firm is repetitive or mechanical.
vessels carry blood from the heart to other parts of the body.
via agreement with government, a fast food company restricted its advertising.
visual aids can make presentations clear and more interesting.
visual aids can make presentations clearer and more interesting.
vocabulary in a special field is jargon.
volcanoes have played a key role in forming and modifying the earth.
we are also going to be more prescriptive about what you focus on in your presentation.
we are constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
we are delighted to have professor robert to join our faculty.
we are not going to accept the assignment after due day on friday.
we are not going to accept the assignment after the due date on friday.
we are not going to accept the assignment after the due day on friday.
we are required to submit the assignment before friday.
we are so dependent on computer that we cannot live without it.
we are so dependent on the computer that we cannot live without it.
we are warning the clients that the rates are increasing.
we could invest in effective public transport.
we developed a method for evaluation of dynamic changes.
we didn't have any noticeable variance between the two or three tasks.
we didn't mean to ask him to do it because he cannot manage it.
we didn’t have any noticeable variance between the two or three tasks.
we divide our class into two groups. you come with me, the rest should stay here.
we don't accept assignments submitted after due day.
we don't accept assignments submitted after the due day.
we don't have enough evidence to draw conclusions.
we don't teach in the same way as we used to.
we don’t teach the same way as we used to.
we know that sleep is essential for a normal life.
we like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
we must not be discouraged by setbacks in life.
we must put great care when analyzing data.
we must put great care when analyzing the data.
we need to approach communication in an open way.
we need to hand in our assignments by the end of the week.
we need to hand in our assignments by the end of the/this week.
we need to make sure the school principal know about the changes.
we need to make sure the school principal knows about the changes.
we need to read the first five chapters to prepare for next week's tutorial.
we offer a broad range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses.
we provide a wide range of courses to undergraduate and postgraduate students.
we should attempt to lower the amount of traffic on roads.
we want to attract the very best students regardless of their financial circumstances.
we will discuss these two pictures in next lecture.
we will see if we can get through this without too many interruptions.
we will study the following two pictures in the next lecture.
we would like a first draft of the assignment by monday.
we would like a videotape for the lecture.
we would like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
we've decided to ask you to write four short pieces of written coursework this year.
wearing a mask is one of the best ways to curb the pandemic.
well, words come out of the culture that they represent and they describe.
we’re constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
we’re constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture closer together.
we’ve decided to ask you to write four short pieces of hand-written coursework this semester.
we’ve decided to ask you to write four short pieces of written coursework this semester.
what distinguishes him from others is that he used black and white photography.
what distinguishes him from others is the dramatic use of black and white photography.
what is the best possible way to get the work permit for this job?
what is the most effective way of interaction between teachers and students in class?
when i was in school, i had many of the same problems you do now.
when i was in school, i had many of the same problems you have now.
when the demand for the course rose, university authorities took on additional academic staff.
when we are stressed, our skin releases a natural chemical, a hormone, that repels mosquitoes.
when we are stressed, our skin releases a natural chemical, hormone, that repels mosquitoes.
when we talk, we use tone and expressions to understand.
when we think about communication we think about interaction.
will those happy days ever be forgotten by you?
with the development of technology, something brings a lot of benefits to the us
without doubt his primary motive was economic growth.
without doubt, his primary motive was economic growth.
without doubt, his primary motive was economic.
words can’t express how sad we are to hear your loss.
would you like to come to the gallery with me?
would you like to videotape our lecture?
would you pass me the book on the left-hand side?
would you pass the book on the left hand side?
would you pass the material text book on the table?
would you please put the materials on the table.
would you please put the materials on the table?
would you prepare some powerpoint slides with appropriate graphs?
you are not allowed to submit your assignments after the due date next week.
you are not permitted to take reference books out of the library.
you are required to submit the assignment before friday.
you are supposed to provide your research efforts to your project coordinator.
you can change your courses on the website during the registration period.
you can contact all your tutors by e-mail.
you can download all lecture handouts from the course website.
you can find a lot more information on the university website.
you can find the student service center on level one of home building.
you can find the student service centre on level one of home building.
you can find the students service desk located on the ground floor of the whole building.
you can get a student card at the reception.
you can have student discount in many campus stores including the coffee house.
you can have your laptop during the exam.
you can only choose one subject from biology and chemistry.
you can only choose one subject from biology and media.
you can pay by cash or using a credit card.
you can pay using cash or a credit card.
you can retake the module if your marks are too low.
you come with me, and the others just stay here.
you don't have to be on professor smith's course to attend this lecture.
you don’t have to be on professor smith’s course to attend this lecture.
you must be willing to accept any of your choices you selected
you must complete this chapter before going to the field trip.
you must ensure you do not include too much irrelevant information.
you must establish a day and a time with your tutor.
you must go to the reception to pick up your student card.
you must read the supplementary materials as the professor has a habit of asking questions from it.
you must take 3 core and 2 elective courses in the semester.
you must take 3 core and 2 elective courses in this semester.
you need a valid visa letter from the department to join the workforce.
you need to be careful when quoting internet source.
you need to change your username and password, as soon as we recover it.
you need to contact us regarding the weekly availability of the telescopes.
you need to finish the reporting of the chapter before going on the field trip.
you need to finish the reporting of the chapter before going to the field trip.
you need to give a better example to support your argument.
you need to read the chapter before the management class
you need to use a bunsen burner and a test tube.
you need to write a proposal for your research.
you should enquire about the direct deposit.
you should go to the reception to get your student card.
you should include your name and identification number in the application form.
you should include your name and identification number on the registration form.
you should include your name and identity number in the registration form.
you should pre-select three to four courses that you are interested in taking.
you should raise your concern with the head of school.
you will be informed of the results by e-mail.
you will be informed of the results by email.
you will be less stressed if you are well prepared for the exam.
you will find the economic section on the second floor of the library.
you will probably need to find the nearest post-office to be able to access that service.
you'll find the economics section on the second floor of the library.
you're the best advertising executive this company has ever had.
your enrollment information, results and fees will be available online.
your enrolment information, results and fees will be available online.
your tutor is there for help, so do ask if you don't understand anything.
your watch is fast, you need to reset it.