Select question type:

Write From Dictation
Write From Dictation
Even if you have used cosmetics for years without problems, one or more ingredients can still trigger an allergic reaction.
Americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproductive development in quantitative terms.
Some people regarded this as eye wash whereas some people ask for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
Law is beneficial to investors by protecting their rights and avoiding any improper actions in the market.
The leading companies have changed their policies and procedures after their reports were released.
Many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education online learning resources.
They look at the health needs of the local community and develop plans to set priorities locally.
`Students are required to have an undergraduate degree in Biology to be enrolled in this course.
Climate change is becoming an acceptable phenomenon amongst the group of reputable scientists.
The prosperity of the United States can be described as the consequences of its open exports.
In addition to the course's requirements, students must pass the qualification examinations.
Our food supply now contains so much added sugar that our metabolic systems can't handle it.
Please note that the substantial deadlines are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances.
Those students seeking formal extension should talk to their faculties for more information.
Life expectancy and infant mortality rate are two of the best indicators of overall health.
The library has a number of collections of historical and social statistical publications.
Remember, the prestigious election of student membership has strict eligibility criteria.
We support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forecasting.
Statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on the circumstances.
We support to do research in the field of archaeology such as forecasting and estimation.
When everyone commits to looking after their health, soft drinks will not be on the menu.
And in that regard, as well as in other regards, it stands as an important contribution.
Practicing time-restricted eating a few times a week could be both feasible and healthy.
The elective course introduces engineering students to construct practices and concepts.
Submitting your group assignment must be issued punctually by one of your group members.
Expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates in a job interview.
Students should take the advantage of the online resources before attending the lecture.
While reconciliation is desirable, the basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
Final year business students have to write a five-thousand-word essay on market trends.
People with active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have a major illness.
Overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the lives of the majority of the population.
The development in the information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
Those who seek for formal extension should contact their faculty for more information.
When bad drove out good, the local workers were more difficult than their competitors.
Scientists recognized the different ice types according to the water molecule content.
Climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among a group of reputable scientists.
There may be financial concerns in the research, for example, funding considerations.
Public perception about biotechnology is crucial for developing scientific consensus.
The shipwreck of this year ruined some artifacts which were interested by historians.
Please note, submission deadlines are only negotiable in an exceptional circumstance.
All industries can be thought of as a system of input, process, output, and feedback.
While concealing ideas is desirable, basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
The most striking thing about this budget of a smartphone cannot be seen on its face.
University departments should carefully monitor articles and publications by faculty.
Certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by a logical deduction.
University departments carefully monitor articles and other publications by faculty.
The terms of illnesses and diseases are often confused despite the clear differences
Rivers provide habitats and migration pathways to fish and numerous aquatic species.
Electronic devices can help students to complete their assignments than ever before.
Organizational failure is considered in various perspectives in academic literature.
Undergraduate students may pursue their specific interests within specific programs.
The reconciliation is important, the basic underlying issue must be first addressed.
The researchers are disappointed that their materials are proved to be inconclusive.
The course covers architecture planning and construction on the international scale.
He was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
Create a playlist of your favorite music to help you relax in difficult situations.
The archaeologist’s new discoveries stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
There will be a conference here next summer on using the web for academic research.
Scientists learned through the observations and the analysis of the human behaviour
Accounting students should have a good understanding of profit and loss statements.
Although sustainable development is not easy, it is an unavoidable responsibility.
The office opens on Mondays and Thursdays directly follow the freshman categories.
The theme of the instrumental work exhibits more of a demure, compositional style.
The participation rate in the study of language learning exceeded the expectations
There are many concerns about the research, for example, financial considerations.
Some students find true or false questions are harder than short answer questions.
Many students find true or false questions are harder than short answer questions.
Parents are financially responsible for their children until they reach adulthood.
The glimpse of dipping into this as a hobby is an enormously rewarding experience.
Technologies on biotechnology is of crucial importance in the project developing.
Marine environment has been destroyed by pollution and unsustainable development.
The findings of researchers are focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
Weather patterns have been changed significantly over the past two hundred years.
The researchers are disappointed that their results are proved to be inconclusive
Below the heating controls in the middle, there is a small round plastic button.
When the court pronounces the sentence, the judge will see if she is regretting.
The first commercial advertising was built up on the island relatively recently.
Students must attend the safety course before entering the engineering workshop.
The artistic ties to conservative politicians earned their own roles of critics.
It is interesting to observe the development of the language skills of toddlers.
Please remember to bring a highlighter and your textbook to class next Thursday.
The artists other than politicians earned credits of their own roles as critics.
There is a strict eligibility criterion to undertake background speaker studies.
An archaeologist's new discovery stands out in previous overlooked foundations.
Before submitting your dissertation your advisor must approve your application.
The research on cyclone tropical forest are forecasting the weather conditions.
The artists tied with the conservative politicians earned the roles of critics.
Undergraduates may pursue their specific interests within certificate programs.
Mutually exclusive events can be described as either complementary or opposite.
Mechanical engineering first became prominent during the Industrial Revolution.
Higher numbers of patients were infected during previous outbreaks of illness.
We are more able to accommodate postgraduate students than previously possible.
Student concession cards need to be obtained by completing an application form.
The qualification will be assessed by using a conference criterion to approach.
The generic biology technology lab is located at the North Wing of the library.
Try to work with each other to build up a sense of cooperation and team spirit.
We aim to develop a partnership with the government and financial institutions.
Most of the scientists disagreed to discuss the size and the levels of society.
All industries consist of systems as inputs, processes, outputs, and feedback.
The result of the study underscored the discoveries from the early detections.
The placement test for mathematics and statistics is offered in this semester.
Could you please prepare a medical certificate for me to submit to my manager?
Hundreds of millions of dollars are spent each year promoting unhealthy foods.
Please note that the college laboratory will be closed for cleaning next week.
Being bilingual is not necessarily having the ability to analyze the language.
It is very likely that space travel will become popular in the private sector.
Industrial experts will discuss job opportunities in an automatic labor force.
Students were instructed to stand in a straight line outside of the classroom.
Manufacturing now brings more people in than agriculture and fishing combined.
More graduate training is often needed after the university study is finished.
There is an important difference between mass production and batch production.
The lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policy in the United States.
A person's educational level is closely related to their economic background.
The whole point of the project was to look at the norm but not the exception.
Artists, other than politicians, played their own role as critics of culture.
Freshwater creatures did not appear in the paintings until the modern period.
Freshwater creatures did not appear in the paintings until the modern period.
Despite their differences, all forms of lives share the same characteristics.
Students are encouraged to read the new books recommended by Professor Jones.
When sentencing, the courter will depend on if the criminal is guilty or not.
Global connections increased in academic communities, thanks to social media.
If you seek for further extension, contact your faculty for more information.
Students are instructed to hand in their assignments by the end of this week.
The government is funding research study on the consequences of unemployment.
These have also been found to contribute to the death of many marine animals.
Professors with higher educational standard trained them extremely seriously.
Undergraduate students may participate in specific stages within the program.
Water taps on the campus will discourage the frequent use of plastic bottles.
The university should invest technology methods designed to support learning.
All writers are consciously or unconsciously representing their own culture.
Animals raised in captivity behave differently from their wild counterparts.
The qualification will be assessed by using a criterion-referenced approach.
The research will investigate the great impact of gender on social attitude.
Rising inflation rate indicates the increasing demands on consumer products.
Educational level is found to be related to social and economic backgrounds.
The library holds a substantial collection of materials on economic history.
The university provides excellent leisure facilities for students and staff.
He was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the sixteenth century.
Academic libraries across the world are steadily incorporating social media.
University student should purchase the graduation gown for the commencement.
The undergraduates need some specific sources to analyse a specific program.
Some people are motivated by competition, while others prefer collaboration.
It is successfully acknowledged that there is a student graduation ceremony.
All of the assignments should be submitted in person to the faculty office.
Artificial intelligence has made significant progress in the last few years
Students may only  park their cars in authorized university parking spaces.
For any written assignment, a detailed literature review must be performed.
Rivers provide habitat and migration pathways for numerous aquatic species.
Eight groups need to submit the outlines of their projects to their tutors.
Before architecture was invented, people used to live in underground houses
Students are encouraged to think carefully about their accommodation needs.
These words recognized the excellence of undergraduates' research projects.
Our courses help improve critical thinking and independent learning skills.
There is a significant difference between theory and practice in education.
The campus tour will help you to get familiar with the teaching facilities.
The department has higher than normal proportion of postgraduate students.
Industry experts will discuss the opportunities in an automated workforce.
Companies’ projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
Members should make mandatory contributions to associated operating funds.
Food containing too many calories supplies little or no nutritional value.
Social policy describes the ways in which the society meets human's needs.
Politicians need to be more proactive when they are addressing the issues.
Cosmetics and plastic surgery often evokes images of famous personalities.
It is really a comprehensive program that covers both theory and practice.
The business development seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
Remember, the gifts purchased by children should have a striped character.
Some people regarded it as care, while others regarded it as recklessness.
In any written assignment, a detailed literature review is very important.
New developments in manufacturing are constantly changing the way we live.
A world-renowned expert of financial management will give a guest lecture.
Students requiring for an extension should apply sooner rather than later.
The commission of fund supported among authorities has raised an argument.
We are researching on the most significant challenges we are facing today.
Medical researchers have focused on the different treatments and diseases.
An academic essay uses references from both primary and secondary sources.
You should include these two pictures from the lecture in your assignment.
The seminar provides an opportunity to exchange ideas with other students.
Sociology policies are the sources of government to solve social problems.
A good architecture one structure should be useful durable and beautiful.
A massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument
The university main library will be open till midnight until next Monday.
Clinical placement in nursing prepares students for professional practice
The massive accumulation of data is converted to a communicable argument.
Remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the lecture hall.
The department works closely with its partners in the business community.
City planners recognize the needs of accessible public transport options.
Lecture outlines are available on the faculty board and internal website.
The capacity of programming computers is expanding enormously every year.
The very basic definition of computing would be counting and calculation.
Some economists argue that the entire financial system is fatally flawed.
Leading company changed their policies after their reports were released.
Some vocational courses at institution are funded by private enterprises.
You must figure out the mathematical problems and apply what you learned.
The career service provides suggestions on how to pass the job interview.
There are a variety of different ways to present statistical information.
Most scientists believe that climate change threatens lives on the earth.
Managing the increasing population is the challenge for most governments.
You can find a lot more references information on the university website.
Implementation figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
Making sure you have saved all the files before turning off the computer.
Distance learning allows you to develop a career around your commitments.
Assignments should be submitted to the department office before deadline.
When workers ask for an increase in wages, the company raises its prices.
The aerial photographs were promptly registered for thorough evaluation.
A group of meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.
Please make sure your applications are following the guideline provided.
Before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
We help students to develop their individuals and follow their interest.
The university library holds a number of collections of geological maps.
There have been long streams of extreme weather throughout human history
The closing date of applications for travel scholarships is next Monday.
There are a wide variety of disciplines within the field of engineering.
Philosophy uses a lot of logics and reasons to analyze human experience.
Our company is intended to hire more than ten thousand people worldwide.
Reference of material is held in the hall of the library reference desk.
Read safety instructions before using the equipment during the workshop.
There are opportunities to receive the grants from most artistic fields.
You don’t need to have specialist knowledge to be able to read the book.
The faculty staff are very approachable, friendly and extremely helpful.
Some of the vocational courses are provided by many private enterprises.
Dealing with the growing population is a challenge for many governments.
Collaboration between departments is a feature of successful companies.
The first commercial airport was built on the island relative recently.
The closing date for applications of travel scholarships is next Monday
You should inform your professor if you are absent from your classroom.
It was hard to anticipate how all the different characters would react.
Supply and demand is one of the most fundamental concepts in economics.
For the purpose of the research, data should be collected and analysed.
Our professor is hosting the economic development conference next week.
Participation rate on studying language learning exceeded expectations.
The author’s early works are less philosophical and more  experimental.
The school's summer programs help students to accelerate their studies.
Inflation affects the demand, pricing and consumption of most products.
Make sure you choose a course that provides great career opportunities.
Accommodations on campus are limited but there are more options nearby.
It is really a comprehensive program covering both theory and practice.
The author's previous works are more theoretical and less experimental.
Those who are considering a career of marketing should attend the talk.
Several candidates were graded as the greatest scientists of all times.
International exchanges formed the important part of our study program.
The coffee house menu features coffee, (chicken,) sandwiches and toast.
It was hard to anticipate how all the different characters would react.
The university officer will help you locate housing and transportation.
Students and staff will automatically become a member in their library.
The aerial photograph is promptly registered for further investigation.
Assignments should be submitted to the department before the deadline.
Attracting skilled workers to the city with expensive housing is hard.
Human beings compete with other living things for resources and space.
Clinical practices in nursing prepare students in practical practices.
The  key  witnesses  to  the  event  have  conflicting  recollections.
Many graduates of journalism can get jobs in the communications field.
Carefully rub contact lenses with your fingers for a thorough cleanse.
You have to send me your essay in two core and three optional modules.
According to the law of the gravity, all objects attract to each other
Students will develop confidence to their ability to think critically.
Our company currently employs more than ten thousand people worldwide.
Interim grades will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
When workers ask for higher wages, companies often raise their prices.
More research is needed before any definitive conclusion can be drawn.
Statistically speaking, the likelihood of the result is extremely low.
Those who want to apply for an extension should contact their faculty.
Please return the reference book to the correct position on the table.
The coffee house features sandwiches, salads, soup, chicken, and fish.
The relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
They have both grown up in the rural area and dislike the urban life.
An aerial photograph was promptly registered for federal evaluations.
Newspapers are supported primarily by the sales of advertising space.
Coastal communities are particularly vulnerable to rising sea levels.
Geography is generally divided into two branches: human and physical.
Students have the option to live in college residences or apartments.
Employment figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
Native speakers are exempt from language tests in their own language.
Graduates from this field usually pursue careers in financial fields.
An essay should use evidence from both primary and secondary sources.
The universities provide exchange programs to other countries.
A scholarship is available for both local and international students.
If you use anger as a tool too often, people will learn to avoid you.
All medical students must clean their hands before entering the room.
Scholarships are available for both local and international students.
Scientific beneficiary to space exploration is frequently questioned.
Scientists here are studying a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
The garden behind the university is open to the public in the summer.
In any written assignment, a detailed literature review is important.
In Europe, the political pressure is similar regarding globalization.
The business policy seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
The reception staff provides advice on renting private accommodation.
Our study program equips students with central skills for university.
Historical cities are financially dependent on the tourism as income.
An architect requires of problem-solving skills and an eye of design.
Protective goggles must be worn in all the university's laboratories.
Affordable housing is an important issue for all members of society.
The commissioner will portion the funds among all the sovereignties.
We are on track for one billion tobacco related deaths this century.
His appointment to economic culture minister was seen as a demotion.
Good educators can recognize the different kinds of learning styles.
Democracy is constantly offering the most stable form of government.
Hundreds of scientific papers have been published on global warming.
Many cities are actively working on ways for reducing air pollution.
Remember, the prestigious selection has strict eligibility criteria.
Measures must be taken to prevent unemployment rate from increasing.
There is no economic reason why public borrowing is necessarily bad.
Resources and materials are on hold at the library's reference desk.
Castle was designed to intimidate both local people and the enemies.
Students have freedom to choose the subjects they are interested in.
Graduates from this course find careers in the financial department.
Teaching assistants will receive a monthly remuneration for housing.
The studies showed the Hong Kong people are the most active in Asia.
Relying on natural abilities will not let you go further in science.
Researches show that spending time outdoors has a range of benefits.
Library reference desks hold a lot of materials on academic history.
Babies can distinguish between what is the language and what is not.
The coffee house has a special student discount throughout the week.
Most food constructions require large amount of water or fertilizer.
The new chemistry professor will deliver his first lecture tomorrow.
The university provides different facilities for students and staff.
People have been independent on using phones in their everyday life.
The students will meet their new teachers after the summer vacation.
The university theatre group will be performing in the concert hall.
The effective business management is always happened with new ideas.
This course considerably emphasizes on the critical thinking skills.
The new medical students must attend the talk about optional classes
A number of academics and journalists will gather in the conference.
Undergraduates have a wide range of cultural modules to choose from.
Many courses in the institution are funded by private entrepreneurs.
In this book, the author discussed the role of cultural differences.
Children conquer their first language without any conscious efforts.
Students are advised that all the lectures today have been canceled.
When meeting high potential risks, companies will raise their price.
The garden behind the university will open to the public in summer.
The final year will consist of four taught courses and one project.
There are some doubts about whether these events actually occurred.
Sydney is Australia's largest city, chief port and cultural center.
Free campus tours run daily during summer for prospective students.
The summer course was cancelled due to insufficient re-enrollments.
Financial help for undergraduate study is available on application.
If it helps to take notes in order to concentration, please do so.
Our group is going to meet tomorrow in the library conference room.
There is no much interconnection between philosophy and psychology.
International aid programs have been reduced by the new government.
The invention of the printing press increases the demand for paper.
Art students often exhibit their works in the university buildings.
Urbanization provides emphasis on the expense of other communities.
Psychologists say what we have experienced influences our behaviors
All medical students should attend the talk about optional courses.
The toughest part of research for postgraduate students is funding.
Career services provide tips about how to cope with job interviews.
The British students need to study mathematics in secondary school.
There is a widely believed perception that engineering is for boys.
Students who study overseas can significantly improve work chances.
People provide the reports to support your idea of these arguments.
Every student has a regular meeting with his or her personal tutor.
The gravity is the force that attracts two bodies from one another.
Sugar is a compound which consists of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
This advanced course requires a basic knowledge of economic theory.
Journalism faces the crises in the light of the digital revolution.
Free campus tours run daily during summer for prospective students.
Scholarship applications must be handed in at the end of the month.
There is no economic recognition that borrowing is necessarily bad.
The industrial revolution in Europe was driven by steam technology.
Children acquire their first language without any conscious effort.
Tours operate all year around, but the busier season runs from May.
The ability to work with fellow students cannot be stressed enough.
A balanced diet and regular exercise are necessary for good health.
Science degree are now offering different levels of specialization.
The extent of advertising to children is very much open to debate.
Americans have found the growth progressive in quantitative terms.
The dance department stages elaborated performances each semester.
All students are expected to attend ten lab sessions per semester.
The new media has transformed the traditional national boundaries.
Control systems in manufacturing provide a high level of accuracy.
Participants initially select from a range of foundation subjects.
Before attending the lecture, you must register online or by post.
The physics students will be given an additional module this year.
Participants initially select from a range of foundation subjects.
The extent of advertising on children is very much open to debate.
The untapped potential way to monitoring sun's rise is phenomenal.
The article extrapolates a number of very interesting experiments.
Experts believe that industrial development will help the economy.
The article extrapolates a number of very interesting experiments.
You may need to purchase an academic gown before the commencement.
Relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
The archaeologists stand out in previously out looked foundations.
The university library held the collections of geological theories
Resources and materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
The rest of the material was deposited partway down the catchment.
All mobile devices need to be switched off during the examination.
The author is currently the Professor at the Cambridge University.
The cafeteria features sandwiches, salads, soup, fish and chicken.
The chemistry building is located near the entrance of the campus.
We study science to understand and appreciate the world around us.
New materials and techniques are changing the way of architecture.
Please make sure your application follows the guidelines provided.
She has made a significant contribution to the field of chemistry.
The decision was made with the support of several faculty members.
Physics is a key subject to understand the world and the universe.
Experts are now able to forecast weather over much longer periods.
Science library is currently located on the ground of the library.
Resources and materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
The theatre courses are encouraging students to access creativity.
Globalization often put more pressure on national economic policy.
One of the key conclusions is that the development needs were met
Observers waited nervously and with bated breath for the concert.
New developments in technology are  influencing current research.
That brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
Early streams of economic in the Roman Republic will be examined.
We shall be studying the economy of several developing countries.
Climate change is a fierce phenomenon concentrated by scientists.
The university canteen is now offering many healthy meal options.
Many experts think that the world climate is constantly changing.
Graduates of journalism can get a job in the communication field.
Students develop confidence in their ability to think critically.
Thousands of people turned out ahead of the prestigious election.
Demand and supply are one of the fundamental factors in economics
It is hard to anticipate all the characters that were in the act.
Successful applicants will work with a large team of researchers.
Increasing population results in an increasing demand for energy.
Sugar is a solid carbohydrate which is always used in sweet food.
The degree is taught by using a mixture of lectures and seminars.
Safety glasses should be worn while doing experiments in the lab.
There are dedicated specialist librarians available all the time.
Please visit the website for information about the opening times.
The earth's atmosphere is mostly composed of nitrogen and oxygen.
The scientists now study a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
Today's lecture material will be included in the next assessment.
Many food crops require a large quantity of water and fertilizer.
The early works were more philosophical rather than experimental.
The human being competed with each other for resources and space.
We can work together to achieve the higher educational standards.
Firm conclusions can be established through rigorous experiments.
Make  sure  you  wash  your  hands  before  preparing  the  food.
The same approach reached to the same explanation of the problem.
Farming methods around the world have greatly developed recently.
One function of the body fat is to keep all internal organs warm.
All lectures and learning materials can be found on the internet.
All students are encouraged to vote in the forthcoming elections.
Strangely, people are impacted by spontaneously using statistics.
The winter sun is lower but high enough to produce enough warmth.
The area has a wide diversity of habitats for underwater species.
Students who attempted to go to the conference must register now.
There have been too many struggles in the mathematics department.
The reception staff can give information of renting and printing.
Unusual weather patterns are making farming more difficult today.
The commissioner will allocate the funds among other authorities.
The government financial plan has threatened the social services.
The library contains a wide collection of images and photographs.
The scientists will face both the explanations and the problems.
When launching a product, research and marketing are very vital.
If finance is a cause of concern, scholarships may be available.
Communication skills have become very important in recent years.
The post office will be closed on Mondays and Fridays afternoon.
Changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process
The content is to define the combination of math and philosophy.
Graduates from this course find careers in the financial sector.
Materials and resources are on hold at the library's front desk.
Most university's teaching takes place in lectures and seminars.
Key business partners are often entertained in expense accounts.
Our aim is to transform the classical teaching in the classroom.
A surprisingly large number of students applied for that course.
They have struggled since last year to make their services paid.
Salt is produced from the seawater or extracted from the ground.
It may not mean that it is possible to solve the problem easily.
Textile manufacturing plays a large role in improving economies.
The celebrated theory is still a subject of a great controversy.
Years of training is required to become of a medical specialist.
Packaging is very important to attract the attention of a buyer.
The artist’s ties connected politicians earned row of critiques.
Mature students usually adapt to university life extremely well.
The bus to London will be leave ten minutes later than expected.
Farming method across the world have greatly developed recently.
While the information indicates something for consuming products
I am going to transform my mathematical skills to the classroom.
Please make sure you correctly cite all the necessary materials.
Student identification card will be issued by today or tomorrow.
You can request library books by using the electronic catalogue.
Governments need to make solar energy more affordable to people.
The main concepts of these events were not yet fully understood.
Key business partners are often intertwined in expense accounts.
The course helps students to improve their pronunciation skills.
The new timetable for the next term will be available next week.
You should provide examples to support your ideas and arguments.
Recycling systems can be complex, but they are becoming simpler.
The study of anthropology can help us learn about society today.
There was not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
A very basic function of computing is counting and calculating.
An ancient text may hold secrets which were lost centuries ago.
Most of the theories were similar, but a few critics disagreed.
All the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
The workshop will show you how to search the library catalogues
All students need to attend no less than ten labs per semester.
Summer schools allow some students to accelerate their studies.
Everyone must evacuate from the premises during the fire drill.
At that moment, few people moved from the towns to the villages
There are many exciting developments occurring in the industry.
The exposure of advertising to children is open to much debate.
You can buy a ticket for the lecture from the school secretary.
There are a variety of disciplines in the field of engineering.
Students were instructed to submit their assignments by Friday.
The deadline for the submission of this assignment is tomorrow.
Teaching assistants will receive a monthly stipend for housing.
You are required to complete the research paper by next Monday.
The celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
Libraries in many areas were closed due to the lack of funding.
Recreation triggers creativity, according to populace's wisdom.
Reading widely is an important part of the undergraduate study.
Please return the books to the correct positions on the shelves
Sugar is a compound including carbon hydrogen and oxygen items.
Studying medicine is always with a wide range of opportunities.
Experts say learning and listening music can reduce the stress.
Laws protect consumer rights and help to avoid market problems.
Plants are the living things that can grow on land or in water.
Please remember to bring a highlighter to class next Wednesday.
Essays and assignments are spread out across the academic year.
Teaching assistance plays a vital role in the learning process.
Students are required to use research methods for this project.
The dining hall will undergo renovations during the fall break.
The policy aims to increase the investment in foreign currency.
The library has a wide range of collection of images and films.
Good research paper delivers practical benefits to real people.
A series of lectures showed us in economics have been recorded.
The library will be closed for staff training tomorrow morning.
Your ideas are discussed depending on your seminar or tutorial.
Archaeologists discovered tools and artifacts in ancient tombs.
The English degree involves certain placements in thirty years.
There are new innovations in the field of digital architecture.
To achieve full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
A series of the observations were carried out in the classroom.
All answers must be examined and supported by relevant theory.
All industries consist of input, process, output and feedback.
Article numbers are collected through interesting experiments.
Radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world.
Cells are the basic building blocks of all animals and plants.
All the equipment must be returned to laboratory by Wednesday.
Experts said reading and listening to music can reduce stress.
The article reflects a number of very interesting experiments.
Reference materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
Radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world
Conferences ought to be always scheduled two weeks in advance.
Despite the protest, the chemistry department was closed down.
The amount of time spent on configuration varies considerably.
The city's founder created a set of rules that became the law.
Companies want to protect their brands from negative comments.
If you need additional help, visit the student resolve centre.
Audition of the university choir will be on hold the next week
There is a point between chemistry and other side of subjects.
Parents today are involved in the education of their children.
The nation achieved prosperity by opening its ports for trade.
Your lowest quiz grade has been omitted from the calculations.
The computer memory of modern computer is extended every year.
Important details in the article are missing from the summary.
It is necessary to dress formally for the graduation ceremony.
New development in technology contributes to current research.
The chemistry club is located near the entrance to the campus.
Artists need to make their works both original and accessible.
Practical experiments are essential parts of chemical classes.
Eating fish twice a week is an accommodation on a health diet.
Banks charge interests for money they loan to their customers.
The temperature in summer is lower when comparing to the fall.
Most teaching staff make their lecture notes available online.
Students are advised to use multiple methods for this project.
The results of the experiment are reported in the table below.
A good research assistant is not afraid to be asked questions.
Even simple techniques need to be practiced to become perfect.
Calculators allow us to add numbers that we all made mistakes.
You will need to read Chapter One before the management class.
Food contains antibiotics provides few or no nutrition values.
The visiting guest used to be the lecturer of this department.
Today’s history lecture has been moved to the lecture theatre.
Notes lecture will begin punctually, so please do not be late.
The students have options to live in residences or apartments.
There will be a meeting for the first year students on Friday.
You must set a security question when resetting your password.
Renovation works have been undertaken throughout the building.
A bar chart can provide useful information in data comparison.
A celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
All dissertations must be accompanied with a submission form.
A very basic feature of computing is counting and calculating
The recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
The teaching staff are actively engaged in original research.
Convincing evidence to support this theory is hard to obtain.
British students must study mathematics at secondary schools.
Most theories were quite similar but a few critics disagreed.
The ways in which people communicate are constantly changing.
Scientific experiments are repeated in order to find results.
It is clear that human population impacts on the environment.
It is absolutely vital that you acknowledge all your sources.
As union members, we can make an influence on the university.
We shall be studying economy of several developing countries.
Course work and exam will form part of the annual assessment.
Most critics agreed with the new theory, but a few disagreed.
Observers waited nervously with bated breath for the concert.
Sympathy is a feeling of sorrow for someone who is not happy.
The railway makes long-distance travel possible for everyone.
Students are recommended to read new books by Professor Jones
Peer group pressure has a significant effect on young people.
Animal and plant cells have a number of structures in common.
For the small businesses, making profit is the main priority.
It is clear that the human population impacts the environment
Popular culture is now a serious subject of academic inquiry.
the medium plays a significant role in shaping public opinion
This morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
One function of body fat is to keep the internal organs warm.
The history course is assessed via three written assignments.
Courses are assessed by group work and individual assignment.
Consumer confidence tends to increase as the economy expands.
We are achieving common prosperity throughout the department.
Our professor is hosting the business development conference.
The digital camera has some advantages over traditional film.
The exam system has been upgraded due to a professional exam.
The key difference between courses is the kind of assessment.
The key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
You must submit your assignment by next Friday at the latest.
Enrolling in a double major may increase your career options.
It was four more years before the theory was fully developed.
They developed a unique approach to training their employees.
Students who are successful have a good strategy of learning.
Take the first step to apply for your university scholarship.
 Classical mechanism is considered as a branch of mathematics.
The nearest automatic teller is in front of the anatomy labs.
The new technician dropped the microscope in the biology lab.
The university seeks the funds for renovation of the theatre.
Sports teams practice on weekdays and play games on weekends.
The research paper examined the economies of three countries.
The morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
There is not enough evidence to support this recommendation.
The history of the university is a long and interesting one.
The cafeteria will only serve cold milk on Friday this week.
Money and how it is paid can affect the motivations to work.
You will need to purchase an academic gown for commencement.
The urban geography degree includes the study of demography.
The use of dictionary is not allowed during the examination.
Most theories are quite similar, but a few critics disagree.
The program must be conducted abiding by general regulations
Members can contribute to the association of operating firm.
The study of utilizing projects is funded by the university.
Do not know if there is a plural, but I do not seem to have.
We can't consider any increases in our prices at this stage.
Lots of people turned out to be at the presidential address.
Growing population has posed a challenge to many governments
Organization plays an important role in academic literature.
The falling birth rate means the number of students dropped.
There is no reason to prove that boredom is necessarily bad.
Graphs and charts allowed data more easily to be understood.
Please write the name of author and the year of publication.
Studying history can help you better understand the present.
Many universities' lectures can now be reviewed in Internet.
The inhabitants of wildlife have been ignored by developers.
Check the website if you are looking for discount textbooks.
In statistics, a detailed lecture of view is very important.
The exam system has been upgraded due to professional exams.
To gain full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
Your agent will collect commission for each house they sell.
We hold the visiting hours throughout the year for students.
Speed is defined as how quickly a person or an object moves.
All of your assignments should be submitted by next Tuesday.
Children start producing words before they are able to walk.
The history of the movement was recorded by several writers.
The time of the math lecture has been changed to ten thirty.
There is a welcome party for all new students for each term.
Both staff and students can purchase parking permits online.
Too much information may be avoided by good research design.
You need to save your files before turning off the computer.
All educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
A recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
New media has a significant impact on human communications.
Books for children often contain many bits of illustration.
Tribes vied with each other to build up monolithic statues.
Scientists are always asking the government for more money.
Scientists are always asking the governments for more money
Your lowest grade has been eliminated from the calculation.
Finding cocoa in dark chocolate promotes immunity and mood.
Plants are able to continue growing throughout their lives.
This article covers architecture planning and construction.
Understanding visual media has never been more challenging.
The employment demand in engineering is increasing rapidly.
The northern campus car park is located behind the library.
Our workshop is opening for all the students on the campus.
It is important to allocate your time wisely when revising.
Most of the students have not considered this issue before.
There is a need for constructive dialogues between leaders.
One of the election promises is to decrease the income tax.
The coffee machine on the third floor is not working today.
All of your assignment should be submitted by next Tuesday.
What surprised me is the number of students in this course.
It is strictly required to submit the assignment by Friday.
The opening hours of the library are reduced during summer.
Certain organisms can reproduce using just only one parent.
We are dealing with the most challenges that we face today.
The deadline of the marketing assignment has been extended.
This article refers to a number of interesting experiments.
This newspaper challenges the previously accepted theories.
Late applications are not accepted under any circumstances.
International exchanges formulate the study of our program.
The meeting for first year economic students is on Tuesday.
Many university lectures can now be viewed on the internet.
The school canteen sells a large variety of water and food.
There is clearly a need for further research in this field.
There was a prize for the best student of the presentation.
This guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
You have to learn how to use the library to save your time.
Distance learning can develop your career around the world.
The spot of lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
The technician left the new microscope in the biology lab.
The essay will be published once the research is finished.
Good research delivers practical benefits for real people.
Technology is no longer a simple tool that we can control.
Good research delivers practical knowledge to real people.
Time was needed to process complex topics of the lectures.
The renowned journalism will last for half of the century.
Tribes worked with each other to build monolithic statues.
Field trips are essential parts of most geography courses.
Diet and exercise are the foundation parts of good health.
The artists tied with politicians earned row of critiques.
Classical mechanism is considered a branch of mathematics.
The university sent exchanged students to other countries.
Many companies use personality tests in interview process.
They were struggling last year to make their service paid.
This essay will argue technology does more harm than good.
Architectural numbers vary in that interesting experiment.
Leave the building immediately if the fire alarm goes off.
The tutorial timetable can be found on the course website.
It is important for students to keep up with the deadline.
Momentum is defined as a combination of mass and velocity.
Students should leave their bags on the table by the door.
One thirtieth of wildlife have been ignored by developers.
The first assignment is due on the fourteenth of September
In this language course, we focus on fluency and accuracy.
A lack of sleep can increase the chance of some illnesses.
Unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in years.
Protective clothing must always be worn in the laboratory.
Academic journals are often edited by subject specialists.
You cannot renew any overdue books in the science library.
You are required to complete the research paper by Monday.
Enrolling a second major will increase the career options.
Experts are now able to forecast weather for long periods.
Having strong motivation is vital for achieving your goal.
The guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
Travelling by boat on the river is not possible in winter.
Horizontal line on the graph indicates there is no change.
The library has substantial materials of economic history.
The university has a world-renowned school of archaeology.
There was no correlation between drug used and cure rates.
You can find a lot more information on university website.
Academic development needs to be supported by governments.
Technology and industry are the drivers of global economy.
The solar energy department is highly regarded worldwide.
We will never learn that if life exists on other planets.
The importance of this event is not yet fully understood.
The economic predictions turn/turned out to be incorrect.
Evaluation forms will be reviewed by university personnel
Identity theft happens to thousands of people every year.
It is important to make clear notes when you are reading.
The new paper challenged the previously accepted theories
Good nutrition is crucial to general health and vitality.
The blue whale is the largest animals to have ever lived.
We help individuals to develop and follow their interest.
There is an overlap between chemistry and other subjects.
Economic status of early Roman Republic will be examined.
There is no fixed career path for a qualified journalist.
Fashion trends always help people to get more interesting
We help individuals to develop and follow their interest.
The same issue featured both explanations of the problem.
The two sides have disagreed on how to solve the problem.
The use of mobile phones is not permitted in the library.
The following economic policy lecture has been cancelled.
They were struggling last year to make their service pay.
Social media is criticized of causing internet addiction.
Technology is changing the way media is used and studied.
We prefer postgraduate students than previously possible.
Reading histories involves a level of careful selections.
The article verifies a number of interesting experiments.
His appointment as culture minister was seen as demotion.
A series of lectures showed economics have been recorded.
A regional assembly was moved to the devolution of power.
Exotic activities can help students develop more talents.
Family life is difficult for parents who have shift work.
It is an integrated course with three different elements.
Please close the door behind you when you leave the room.
Some departments have their own special book collections.
Reading histories involves a level of careful selections.
The schedule allows plenty of time for independent study.
Students are encouraged to monitor studies by themselves.
You should submit your team papers to the general office.
Speed is defined as how fast a person or an object moves.
This course aims to develop your knowledge of statistics.
This schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
Understanding how to use the library will save your time.
You will acquire many skills during the academic studies.
Astronauts use light years to measure distances in space.
Our cultural values are dependent on the choices we made.
The early works of this research were more experimental.
Students are encouraged to monitor their own attendance.
Good research delivers practical benefit to real people.
Avoid confusing the causes and effects of these changes.
You wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
Chemistry building is located at the entrance to campus.
An introduction is an essential element of presentation.
The use of mobile phone is not permitted in the library.
Demand and supply are fundamental elements of economics.
Students are permitted to park at campus parking spaces.
Scientists can develop new elements in their laboratory.
It is possible to keep the energy of an atom in two ways
Elections of president take place once every four years.
Neuroscience is a compound of completely separate parts.
This course can help to deepen your appreciation of art.
Please work with each other to build monolithic statues.
We hold visiting tours throughout the year for students.
Students should take the training course to use the gym.
Identity theft happens to thousands of people every day.
Some of these features were part of the previous system.
University graduates will work for a year in industries.
The printers automatically print two sides of each page.
The leaflets can be really useful when you are revising.
Criminal charges will be brought against all of the men.
These research, data and collections should be analyzed.
Your summary should be as clear and concise as possible.
Slides and handouts can be downloaded after the lecture.
New credit cards will soon using fingerprint technology.
He is regarded as the most foremost economist this year.
Your application for a research grant has been received.
Linguist is the scientist and knowledge of the language.
Technological developments have changed the way we live.
Online courses allow students to work in their own pace.
Sea levels are expected to rise during the next century.
The features issued the same explanation of the problem.
Your summary should be as clear and precise as possible.
There is a welcome party for all new students each term.
The academic tradition of the school ensures excellence.
Social psychology has been considered by human behavior.
The English degree is a worthy degree of the third year.
The election of president is held once every four years.
The module of the work is more of a compositional style.
The most important details in this argument are missing.
Upgrading manufacturing systems can increase efficiency.
The article refers to number of interesting experiments.
The research has produced some other unexpected results.
The area has a number of underwater habitats in species.
The university library has most of the necessary books.
Agenda items should be submitted by the end of the day.
Traffic is the main cause for pollution in many cities.
The balance in diet and exercise makes for good health.
Conferences ought to be scheduled two weeks in advance.
Making mistakes is fine as long as you learn from them.
Parenting is difficult for parents who have shift work.
This paper has the potential to transform life science.
Neurons are principally involved in chemical processes.
The resources cited are not enough for this assessment.
If it helps to take notes to concentrate, please do so.
Every student has the right and the ability to succeed.
He was regarded as the foremost economist at that time.
There is an accounting assessment for finance students.
Business must adapt to the data protection regulations.
If you need a parking ticket, see me after the lecture.
If taking notes helps your concentration, please do it.
Today we will look at how to display the data visually.
The paper challenged many previously accepted theories.
Social science is the study of solving social problems.
The night's sky has always involved mystery and wonder.
Daily practice can build confidence and improve skills.
She began by giving an outline of the previous lecture.
Some people argue that education is not that important.
Agricultural development is vital for poor rural areas.
There is no criterion passed for qualified journalists.
There are many different styles of business management.
Extracurricular activities can help students to develop
Your ideas are sophisticated in seminars and tutorials.
The lowest grade has been omitted from the calculation.
You were able to contact a number of research subjects.
Reading list will be available before the course begins
Continuing students will be sent for application forms.
Trees benefit the city by absorbing water run off road.
The excursion for children is very much open to debate.
This paper challenged the previously accepted theories.
This software company designs and creates new products.
The visitor used to be the lecturer of this department.
Without doubt, this theory has a number of limitations.
The weather used to be lovely at this time of the year.
When parents talk to children, the tense is simplified.
Writing an essay is easy once the research is finished.
Peer review is an essential part of scientific methods.
Participating in the class is the center of the course.
The sociology department is highly regarded worldwide.
The most popular courses still have a few places left.
Tribes work with each other to build monolith statues.
Behind the group, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
Behind the garage, there is a flat cart drawn by mules
If you need a parking ticket ,see me after the lecture
The software companies design and create new products.
It is an integrated course with several main elements.
He was regarded as the foremost economist at his time.
You will portray your plan and sign off on your paper.
Most of the features were part of the previous system.
These regions were both areas of economic development.
Mobile devices are not allowed during the examination.
The application process may take longer than expected.
New media journalism is an interesting area for study.
We cannot consider increasing the price at this stage.
There are so many fast food outlets on campus nowadays
Timetables about new term will be available next week.
Rising in sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
A national collection center is currently being built.
Sales figures for last year were better than expected.
We no longer respond to any postal reference requests.
You have the freedom to study what interests you most.
Your statistical information depends on your raw data.
Scientists were unsure when the early men left Africa.
Population geography includes the study of demography.
More research is required in the field of food science
Journalism has undergone many changes in recent years.
Politics is usually not a safe topic for conversation.
Presidential elections are held once every four years.
The plight of wildlife has been ignored by developers.
The department has organized a trip to London in July.
The course dates are available on the college website.
Air pollution is a serious problem all over the world.
Advanced technology will create growth in the economy.
We are no longer responding to any reference requests.
Much of the research is carried out in the laboratory.
This slide shows that there has been a minimal growth.
We were able to contact a number of research subjects.
The teacher training is an observation of the classes.
Strong liner is used to measure distance and baseline.
The history of economics is a tricky subject to study.
The slide shows that there has been a minimal growth.
Pain is necessary, as it acts as a warning of danger.
Career opportunities in this field are quite limited.
The synopsis contains the most important information.
The disease that was serious has now been eradicated
Fast food has become very popular with many students.
Preparation is important to avoid mishaps in the lab.
Listening is the key skill to succeed in this course.
Our company must have independent financial auditing.
Water is heated to something and added to the mixture
If you are not sure, phone student services for help.
A new collection of articles has just been published.
The essay contains most of the important information.
Scientists are unsure when the first man left Africa.
The technology has transformed the nature of society.
Politics is not usually a safe topic of conversation.
She received a scholarship from the state university.
The rising of the sea level indicates climate change.
The bank is hoping to tap into a fast growing market.
The Internet has transformed the nature of publishing
Muscle cells bring parts of the body closer together.
The museum is closed on Thursday morning every month.
Novelists write the best things that they know about.
Doing nothing is not always better than taking risks.
Please move us to the meeting room for the next hour.
You are required to submit your assignment by Friday.
The untapped potential use of sun rays is phenomenal
There are places on campus where you can't get milk.
Consumer confidence has a direct influence on sales.
The new biology course will be starting in February.
Economic problems caused a big rise in unemployment.
Government reforms have been proposed at all levels.
If you are not sure, call student services for help.
The sociology exam will take place in week thirteen.
Fashion trends help people to make life interesting.
Career mobility is very important for new graduates.
In the research, data must be collected by analysis.
Graduates want to find works related to their field.
Review all materials before drawing your conclusion.
Sound waves are unable to travel through the vacuum.
There are still many people who struggle in the lab.
Higher education provide treats plagiarism extremely
The library will stay open until midnight this week.
Our facilities include five items in the university.
The lecture will cover the reason of climate change.
The bank is hoping to tap into a fast growing market
The professor took one year off to work on her book.
The collapse of the housing market makes recessions.
The north campus car park could be closed on Sunday.
Physical health can be improved by regular training.
Please read the chapter one of the history textbook.
The thief visited homes of several people every day.
This means we will have so many troubles on the lab.
You need to put these books on the table over there.
This book can be borrowed for a maximum of one week.
Our laboratory equipment is provided free of charge.
The scientists use the web to explore the problems.
The report contains the most important information.
This is an integrated course with several elements.
Celebrity is still the great source of controversy.
Libraries provide a range of services for students.
Rising sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
He is regarded as the foremost economist this year.
He started his tutorial presentation right on time.
Many birds migrated to the warmer areas for winter.
The digital revolution has changed the way we read.
The prevailing wind ensures the terms of something.
Natures are defined as specific chemical compounds.
Remember to sign the attendance prior to the class.
Equality has not yet been achieved in this society.
The task tomorrow will require higher level skills.
No more than four people can be in the lab at once.
Calculators may not be used during the examination.
Nutrition plays a key role in athletic performance.
Art helps us to deep the appreciating of our world.
Every experiment should be repeated to validate it.
Information technology has changed the way we study
Critical thinking is one part of a broad education.
Many toxins are originated from plants and animals.
Some of the features are part of previous research.
The assessment of this course will begin next week.
The new art gallery can only be visited on Fridays.
We should never underestimate the power of creative
The curriculum is described in the course syllabus.
This class will look at the structure of the essay.
You should allocate your time wisely when revising.
Please make sure you do not go over the word count.
Unusual patterns are making farming more difficult.
The jobs tomorrow will require higher skill levels.
Speak to your tutor if you need further assistance.
The relevant materials are reserved in the library.
University fees are expected to increase next year.
Find out how to get resources before your research.
There are many good reasons to plant trees in city.
This is a composed course, so make sure you attend.
All of your assignments should be due by tomorrow.
The island is located at the south end of the bay.
I thought we would meet in the small meeting room.
She used to be an editor of the student newspaper.
Time and space are used to calculate the distance.
The public is often misled by the biased coverage.
You should submit your essay by midnight tomorrow.
You need to hand in an essay in the next semester.
The orchestra will be led by a visiting conductor.
There are still many people struggling in the lab.
The history department is very active in research.
When the roots of a plant failed, foliage suffers.
Review all sources before drawing any conclusions.
Some young people find city life rather stressful.
A rising population means more trees are cut down.
Nurses specialize in clinical work and management.
The skills of great stage actors cannot be taught.
The poster of this play is hung in the large hall.
Tutors should set goals at the start of the class.
Graphs are often useful for geographical research.
Library plays an important role in student’s life.
The group performance will be in the concert hall.
The news is not received until the following week.
The professor took a year off to work on her book.
The toughest part of public transport is funding.
The effect of advertising is open to much debate.
That means we won't have any struggle in the lab.
The teacher asked the group to commence the task.
Sales figures last year are better than expected.
Rail transport is becoming more and more popular.
Physicist students have student module this year.
There is a separate reading list for each course.
People see stars that were billions of years ago.
Having snow means no flight can take off or land.
Having clean water for human is vital for health.
Eating too much can lead to many health problems.
It will be extremely beneficial to work together.
An undergraduate is required to do many projects.
You must hand in your essays by midday on Friday.
The course involves pure and applied mathematics.
Historical economics is the trick of the subject.
An effective manager is always open to new ideas.
Museum is closed on Thursday morning every month.
Presidential elections are held every four years.
Biology involves the study of life of all levels.
Art and design is a competitive field to work in.
Physics is a detailed study of matter and energy.
The student magazine is looking for a new editor.
The most important process of farming is weeding.
Find out how to get sources before your research.
Packages are likely to be used in many computers.
There are many types of governments in the world.
We have not yet achieved equality in our society.
Industry will discuss job opportunities for work.
A good assistance is not afraid to ask questions.
The economy now is on the first sign of recovery.
The study shows the sense of recent technologies.
Campus tours begin at the library this afternoon.
We have sufficient ways to study in brain action.
This problem is complex and difficult to explain.
You must call your doctor to make an appointment.
All staff must leave from the fire hydrant exit.
We are continuing to provide learning resources.
Competition for places in this course is fierce.
The aim is to reduce the risks that people take.
I thought it was through the small meeting room.
The slide shows there has been a minimal growth.
He has landed the job in a prestigious law firm.
The study of history can provide unique insight.
That means they have so many struggling overlaps
This project is divided into four main sections.
Urban planning emphasizes on expenses community.
That means we have so many struggles in the lab.
Designers need to keep up with the social trend.
The teacher explained the homework to the class.
Lung cancer remains a largely incurable disease.
The office hours will be changed from next term.
We were able to contact a number of researchers.
We are rethinking the solutions for the society.
The laboratory near the entrance of the library,
The designers will complete the plan later today
Purity is one feature that makes gold expensive.
These features were part of the previous system.
The problem of postgraduate students is funding.
The Real Group will perform in the concert hall.
Those lectures begin promptly, so do not be late
There will be a guest lecture in the next class.
We need to hand in the assignment by next week.
Competition for places in the course is fierce.
The scientists found most of the studies today.
The world is now getting warmer at a fast rate.
We are phasing out the disposal cups on campus.
Read the four sections before the next meeting.
Remember students have strict ability criteria.
The chemistry building is actually being built.
All students have their own styles of learning.
We should have a meeting to discuss and report.
Heavy rain will fall across the city next week.
Relevant materials are reserved in the library.
Relevant resources are reserved in the library.
The book was supported by many faculty members.
A good way to improve vocabulary is repetition.
You will take on your uniform on the first day.
The issue burst the exploration of the problem.
Your thesis should have a fairly limited scope.
Food has become a political issue in the world.
I want to make an appointment with the manager.
The economic books are at the back on the left.
Gravity makes objects attracted to one another.
The new product failed due to a lack of demand.
The camera can identify eyes and focus on them.
Commissioners will raise funds for authorities.
The main concepts in this thesis were not new.
The theory has a great control of controversy.
The public is often misled by biased coverage.
You should draw your graph on a separate page.
Career management is a very important subject.
Please click the logo above to enter the site.
A good structure shows the key points or paper
There were a lot of traffic jams this morning.
The site is designed to be highly interactive.
Time and distance are used to calculate speed.
It helps you rationally assess your arguments.
You can get your coffee and tea in the lounge.
 Your task is to create demand for the product.
Muscles make parts of the body close together.
Many diseases on the list have been irritated.
Why has the project been held up for so long?
Academic problems cause a rise in employment.
Honey can be used as food and health product.
We have a lecture in the morning on Thursday.
It is being made to reduce harmful emissions.
You will be tested via quiz and dissertation.
Literature can be classified in various ways.
The restrooms are down the hall to the right.
Theft happens to a thousand people every day.
The goal of the company is to get investment.
A visit to design museum will be great valued
A typical study involves society and science.
The wildlife have been ignored by developers.
Unusual patterns make farming more difficult.
A party is thrown in the small meeting room.
The feedback from the students was positive.
Rising sales figures means a rise in demand.
The department is doing research on biology.
Let me know if anybody struggles in the lab.
Our class will be divided into three groups.
Education is learning skills for employment.
The fiction books are just past the counter.
The deadline of this assignment is tomorrow.
One of the elections promises to reduce tax.
The subject was complex and hard to explain.
The task tomorrow will require higher level.
We can meet in the office after the lecture.
Your thesis must have a fairly large scope.
You must sign for attendance in this class.
We are fixing up disposable cups on campus.
Every living thing begins as a single cell.
Get enough sleep the night before the test.
This slide shows there is a minimum growth.
A laptop has been found at the biology lab.
The career services provide job interviews.
Fishing is a sport and a means of survival.
Three types of resources are enough for ...
The stairs are to the left of the elevator.
This graph shows there is a minimum growth.
It takes a long time to walk to university.
You are trained to be a special journalist.
There are many branches of medical studies.
He landed a job in a prestigious law firm.
Essays are easy once research is finished.
Please turn off the lights to save energy.
In my opinion, the car should be repaired.
You come with me and the others stay here.
Those events are not yet fully understood.
We need to hand in the essay by next week.
Each student needs meet his or her tutors.
A number of students have volunteer jobs.
You can contact all your tutors by email.
Food cannot be eaten in the main library.
You can have your laptop during the exam.
The large and wide table is not for sale.
There is a new chemistry test next week.
Many important policies need to be made.
Something will be left by the conductor.
Atoms are the building blocks of matter.
The meeting has some struggle overlaps.
New media is to find new areas to study
Time is needed to complete the lecture.
We are facing the discomfort on campus.
Linguistics is an analysis of language.
Building trust cannot happen overnight.
Student shop has a range of stationery.
You can keep your bags in the backroom.
There are places that we can get milk.
The illnesses and diseases are coming.
The company needs to polish its image.
A good academic paper should be clear.
Plagiarism in a test is very severe.
The students are waiting for a meal.
This is interesting in parliament.
The media influence human options.
Businesses must obey regulations.
The cart carries a single object.
Criminal charges all of the men.
The cause and effect of problem.
It is the members contribution.
We are able to work in a team.
Oil only reserve half-century.
Caged camera to see the fish.