a balanced diet and regular exercise are necessary for good health.
a bar chart can provide useful information in data comparison.
a celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
a good abstract highlights the key points of your paper.
a good academic paper should be clear.
a good architectural structure should be usable, durable and beautiful.
a good architecture is always very useful, durable and beautiful.
a good architecture one structure should be useful durable and beautiful.
a good assistance is not afraid to ask questions.
a good research assistant is not afraid to ask questions.
a good research assistant is not afraid to be asked questions.
a good research paper delivers practical benefits for real people.
a good scientific paper should have clear arguments.
a good structure shows the key points or paper
a good way to improve vocabulary is repetition.
a group meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.
a group of meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.
a lack of sleep can increase the chance of some illnesses.
a laptop has been found at the biology lab.
a massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument
a massive accumulation of data was converted to a communicable argument.
a national center of excellence is currently being built.
a national collection center for students is currently being built.
a national collection center is currently being built.
a new collection of articles has been published.
a new collection of articles has just been published.
a number of academics and journalists will gather in the conference.
a number of assignments will be gathered to the conference.
a number of students have volunteer jobs.
a party is thrown in the small meeting room.
a person's educational level is closely related to his economic background.
a person's educational level is closely related to their economic background.
a pie chart provides a useful means of data comparison.
a recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
a regional assembly was moved to the devolution of power.
a rising population means more trees are cut down.
a scholarship is available for both local and international students.
a series of lectures showed economics have been recorded.
a series of lectures showed us in economics have been recorded.
a series of lectures which were shown to us in economics have been recorded.
a series of the observations were carried out in the classroom.
a surprisingly large number of students applied for that course.
a teacher explains clear notes in the lecture.
a thorough bibliography is needed at the end of every assignment.
a typical study involves society and science.
a very basic feature of computing is counting and calculating
a very basic feature of computing is counting and calculating.
a very basic function of computing is counting and calculating.
a visit of design museum is greatly valued.
a visit to design museum will be great valued
a world-renowned expert of financial management will give a guest lecture.
a world-renowned expert on economics and marketing will give a lecture.
academic development needs to be supported by governments.
academic journals are often edited by subject specialists.
academic libraries across the world are steadily incorporating social media.
academic problems cause a rise in employment.
academic problems cause a rise on unemployment.
accommodations on campus are limited but there are more options nearby.
according to the law of gravity, all objects attract to each other.
according to the law of the gravity, all objects attract to each other
accountancy students probably have a good understanding of economics, statistics and psychology.
accountant students should have a good understanding of profit and loss statement.
accounting students should have a good understanding of profit and loss statements.
accounting students should have good understanding of profit and loss statements.
advanced technology will create growth in the economy.
aerial photographs were promptly registered for thorough evaluation.
affordable housing is an important issue for all members of society.
agenda items should be submitted by the end of the day.
agricultural development is vital for poor rural areas.
air pollution is a serious problem all over the world.
all answers must be examined and supported by relevant theory.
all dissertations must be accompanied with a submission form.
all educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
all industries can be thought of a system as input, process, output and feedback.
all industries can be thought of as a system of input, process, output, and feedback.
all industries consist of input, process, output and feedback.
all industries consist of systems as inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.
all industries consist of systems as inputs, processes, outputs, and feedback.
all lectures and learning materials can be found on the internet.
all medical school students must attend the talk about optional courses.
all medical students must clean their hands before entering the room.
all medical students should attend the talk about optional courses.
all mobile devices must be switched off during the examination.
all mobile devices need to be switched off during the examination.
all of the assignments must be submitted in person to the faculty office.
all of the assignments should be submitted in person to the faculty office.
all of your assignment should be submitted by next tuesday.
all of your assignments should be due by tomorrow.
all of your assignments should be submitted by next tuesday.
all staff must leave from the fire hydrant exit.
all students are encouraged to vote in the forthcoming elections.
all students are expected to attend ten lab sessions per semester.
all students have their own styles of learning.
all students need to attend no less than ten labs per semester.
all students need to attend ten labs per semester.
all students should attend ten labs per semester.
all the course stages are on the website.
all the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
all the equipment must be returned to laboratory by wednesday.
all the equipment must be returned to the laboratory by wednesday.
all the materials are your resources.
all writers are consciously or unconsciously representing their own culture.
all writers, consciously or unconsciously, represent their own culture.
although sustainable development is not easy, it is an unavoidable responsibility.
although sustainable development is not easy, it is our responsibility.
americans have found the growth progressive in quantitative terms.
americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproduction in quantitative terms.
americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproductive development in quantitative terms.
americans have progressively found the growth in quantitative terms.
americans have technically found the growth in quantitative terms.
an academic essay uses references from both primary and secondary sources.
an aerial photograph was promptly registered for federal evaluations.
an ancient text may hold secrets which were lost centuries ago.
an archaeologist's new discovery stands out in previous overlooked foundations.
an architect is required of problem-solving skills and an eye of design.
an architect requires of problem-solving skills and an eye of design.
an effective business manager is always open to new ideas.
an effective manager is always open to new ideas.
an essay should use evidence from both primary and secondary sources.
an introduction is an essential element of presentation.
an undergraduate is required to do many projects.
and in that regard, as well as in other regards, it stands as an important contribution.
animal and plant cells have a number of structures in common.
animals and plants have a number of cells in common.
animals raised in captivity behave differently from their wild counterparts.
animals raised in captivity behave differently than their wild counterparts.
archaeologists discovered tools and artifacts in ancient tombs.
archaeologists discovered tools and artifacts near the ancient tomb.
archeologists discover tools and fossils from ancient times.
architectural numbers vary in that interesting experiment.
art and design is a competitive field to work in.
art helps us to deep the appreciating of our world.
art helps us to deepen the appreciation of our world.
art is an expression of creative skill and imagination.
art is an expression of creative skills and imagination.
art students often exhibit their works in the university buildings.
article numbers are collected through interesting experiments.
artificial intelligence has made significant progress for the last few years.
artificial intelligence has made significant progress in the last few years
artists need to make their works both original and accessible.
artists, other than politicians, played their own role as critics of culture.
artists, other than politicians, played their own roles as critics of the culture.
as union members, we can influence the change of the university.
as union members, we can make an influence on the university.
assignments should be submitted to the department before the deadline.
assignments should be submitted to the department office before deadline.
assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
assignments should be submitted to the general office before the deadline.
astronauts are using light years to measure the distance in space.
astronauts use light years to measure distances in space.
at that moment, few people moved from the towns to the villages
at that time, few people moved from towns to villages.
at that time, people moved from towns to villages.
atmosphere is composed of several layers.
atoms are the basic building blocks of matter.
atoms are the building blocks of matter.
attracting skilled workers to the city with expensive housing is hard.
audition of the university choir will be on hold on the next week.
audition of the university choir will be on hold the next week
avoid confusing the cause and effect of these changes.
avoid confusing the causes and effects of these changes.
avoid confusing the causes of these changes.
babies can distinguish between what is language and what is not.
babies can distinguish between what is the language and what is not.
bad policy decisions led to the financial crisis.
banks charge interest for money they loan to their customers.
banks charge interests for money they loan to their customers.
banks charged interests from whom they lent money to.
before architecture was invented, humans lived in underground houses.
before architecture was invented, people used to live in underground houses
before attending the course, you must register online or by post.
before attending the lecture, you must register online or by post.
before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
before preparing food, be sure you wash your hands well.
before preparing food, make sure you wash your hands.
before submitting your assignment, your advisor should approve it.
before submitting your dissertation your advisor must approve your application.
before submitting your dissertation, your advisor must approve your application.
before the refrigerator was invented, people used underground ice houses.
behind the barn, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
behind the crops, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
behind the garage, there is a flat cart drawn by mules
behind the group, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
being bilingual does not mean having the ability to analyze the language.
being bilingual is not necessarily having the ability to analyze the language.
below the heating controls in the middle is a small round plastic button.
below the heating controls in the middle, there is a small round plastic button.
biology involves the study of life of all levels.
blue whale is the largest mammal that ever lived.
books for children often contain many beautiful illustrations.
books for children often contain many bits of illustration.
both staff and students can purchase car parking permits online.
both staff and students can purchase parking permits online.
british students must study mathematics at secondary schools.
building trust cannot happen overnight.
building trust is not something that can be achieved overnight.
business must adapt to the data projection regulations.
business must adapt to the data protection regulations.
businesses must obey contemporary general regulations.
businesses must obey regulations.
caged camera to see the fish.
calculations may not be needed in this examination.
calculators allow us to add numbers that we all made mistakes.
calculators allow us to add numbers without making mistakes.
calculators are not allowed during the examination.
calculators may not be used during the examination.
calculators may not be used in the examination.
campus tours begin at the library this afternoon.
career management is a very important subject.
career mobility is very important for new graduates.
career opportunities in this field are quite limited.
career services provide tips about how to cope with job interviews.
carefully rub contact lenses with your fingers for a thorough cleanse.
castle was designed to intimidate both local people and the enemies.
catch the camera to see the fish.
celebrated theory is still a subject to a great controversy.
celebrity is still the great source of controversy.
celebrity theory is still the great source of controversy.
cell is the most basic building block for all animals and plants.
cells are the basic building blocks of all animals and plants.
certain organisms can reproduce using just one parent.
certain organisms can reproduce using just only one parent.
certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by a logical deduction.
certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by logical deduction.
changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process
changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process.
check the website if you are looking for discount textbooks.
check the website if you are looking for discounted textbooks.
chemistry building is located at the entrance to campus.
children acquire their first language without any conscious effort.
children conquer their first language without any conscious efforts.
children conquer their first language without any efforts.
children start producing words before they are able to walk.
cinema and music are as important as science and mathematics.
city planners recognize the needs of accessible public transport options.
classical mechanics is considered as a branch of mathematical physics.
classical mechanism is considered a branch of mathematics.
classical mechanism is considered as a branch of mathematics.
click the login above to enter the site.
climate change is a fierce phenomenon concentrated by scientists.
climate change is becoming an acceptable phenomenon amongst the group of reputable scientists.
climate change is being acknowledged by many scientists.
climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among a group of reputable scientists.
climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among reputable scientists.
clinical placement in nursing prepares students for professional practice
clinical placement in nursing prepares students for professional practice.
clinical practices in nursing prepare students in practical practices.
close the door behind you when you leave the room.
coastal communities are particularly vulnerable to rising sea levels.
coastal communities are vulnerable to the rising sea level.
cocoa in dark chocolate promotes immunity and mood.
collaboration between departments is a feature of successful companies.
commissioners will raise funds for authorities.
communication skills are increasingly important in recent years.
communication skills have become more important in recent years.
communication skills have become very important in recent years.
companies want to protect their brands from negative comments.
companies' projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
companies’ projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
competition for places in the course is fierce.
competition for places in this course is fierce.
competition for the places in this course is fierce.
conferences are all scheduled two weeks in advance.
conferences ought to be always scheduled two weeks in advance.
conferences ought to be scheduled two weeks in advance.
consumer confidence has a direct influence on sales.
consumer confidence tends to increase as the economy expands.
continuing students will be sent for application forms.
continuing students will be sent necessary application forms.
control systems in manufacturing provide a high level of accuracy.
control systems in manufacturing require a high level of accuracy.
convincing evidence for this theory is hard to obtain.
convincing evidence to support this theory is hard to obtain.
cosmetics and plastic surgery often evokes images of famous personalities.
could you please prepare a medical certificate for me to submit to my manager?
course work and exam will form part of the annual assessment.
courses are assessed by group work and individual assignment.
coursework and exams will form part of the annual assessment.
create a playlist of your favorite music to help you relax in difficult situations.
criminal charges all of the men.
criminal charges will be brought against all of the men.
critical thinking is one part of a broad education.
daily practice can build confidence and improve skills.
dealing with the growing population is a challenge for many governments.
demand and supply are fundamental elements of economics.
demand and supply are one of the fundamental factors in economics
democracy has continuously offered more stable resources from the government.
democracy is constantly offering a stable form of governance.
democracy is constantly offering a stable form of government.
democracy is constantly offering the most stable form of government.
designers need to keep up with the social trend.
despite the differences, all forms of lives share the same characteristics.
despite the protest, the chemistry department was closed down.
despite their differences, all forms of lives share the same characteristics.
diet and exercise are the foundation of good health.
diet and exercise are the foundation parts of good health.
dipping into this as a hobby is an enormously rewarding experience.
distance learning allows you to develop a career around your commitments.
distance learning can develop your career around the world.
do not know if there is a plural, but i do not seem to have.
doctoral writings have the structure in place as well as scientific papers.
dogs are able to provide assistance to people with disabilities.
doing nothing is not always better than taking risks.
each student needs meet his or her tutors.
each student needs to meet his or her tutors.
early streams of economic in the roman republic will be examined.
eating fish twice a week is a recommendation of health diet.
eating fish twice a week is an accommodation on a health diet.
eating too much can lead to many health problems.
eating too much can lead to too many health problems.
economic development needs to be supported by the government.
economic problems caused a big rise in unemployment.
economic status of early roman republic will be examined.
economic streams of early roman republic will be examined.
education and training provide important skills for the labor force.
education is learning skills for employment.
education is not just about learning skills for employment.
educational level is found to be related to social and economic backgrounds.
efforts are being made to reduce harmful emissions.
eight groups need to submit the outlines of their projects to their tutors.
elections of president take place once every four years.
electronic devices can help students to complete their assignments faster than ever before.
electronic devices can help students to complete their assignments than ever before.
employment figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
employment opportunities available in engineering are increasing rapidly.
enrolling a second major doubled my career options.
enrolling a second major will increase the career option.
enrolling a second major will increase the career options.
enrolling a second major will increase your career options.
enrolling in a double major may increase your career options.
equality has not yet been achieved in this society.
essay is easy once research is finished.
essays and assignments are spread out across the academic year.
essays and assignments spread out across the academic world.
essays and assignments spread out across the academic year.
essays are easy once research is finished.
essential textbooks can be purchased from the campus bookshop.
evaluation form will be reviewed by university personnel.
evaluation forms will be reviewed by university personnel
even if you have used cosmetics for years without problems, one or more ingredients can still trigger an allergic reaction.
even simple practices need to be conducted perfectly.
even simple techniques need to be practiced to become perfect.
every experiment should be repeated to validate it.
every living thing begins as a cell.
every living thing begins as a single cell.
every student has a regular meeting with his or her personal tutor.
every student has the right and ability to succeed.
every student has the right and the ability to succeed.
every student must evacuate the premises during the fire drill.
everyone in this room needs to follow the rules.
everyone must evacuate from the premises during the fire drill.
everyone must evacuate the premises during the fire drill.
exercise reduces the risk of morbid obesity.
exotic activities can help students develop more talents.
expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates in a job interview.
experts are now able to forecast weather for long periods.
experts are now able to forecast weather over much longer periods.
experts are thinking that the world climate is changing.
experts believe that industrial development will help the economy.
experts of the financial department will give the guests a lecture.
experts said reading and listening to music can reduce stress.
experts say learning and listening music can reduce the stress.
experts say learning and listening to music can reduce the stress.
experts say reading and listening to music can reduce the stress.
extracurricular activities can help students to develop
extracurricular activities can help students to develop more talents.
family life is difficult for parents who have shift work.
farmers need to endure the changes of climate.
farming method across the world have greatly developed recently.
farming methods across the world have greatly developed recently.
farming methods around the world have greatly developed recently.
farms need to adapt to the changes of climate.
fashion trends always help people to get more interesting
fashion trends help people to make life interesting.
fashion trends help to make people's life interesting.
fast food has become very popular with many students.
field trips are essential parts of most geography courses.
final year business students have to write a five-thousand-word essay on market trends.
financial help for undergraduate study is available on application.
find out how to get resources before your research.
find out how to get sources before your research.
find out how to get your resources before your research.
finding cocoa in dark chocolate promotes immunity and mood.
findings show that cocoa in dark chocolate improves memory, immunity and mood.
firm conclusions can be established through rigorous experiments.
fishing is a sport and a means of survival.
food cannot be eaten in the main library.
food containing too many calories provides little or no nutritional value.
food containing too many calories supplies little or no nutritional value.
food contains antibiotics provides few or no nutrition values.
food has become a political issue in the world.
food that contains antibiotics provides few or no nutritional value.
foods containing overabundant calories supply little or no nutritional value.
foods containing too much sugar and calories have little or no nutritional value.
for any written assignment, a detailed literature review is very important.
for any written assignment, a detailed literature review must be performed.
for the purpose of the research, data should be collected and analysed.
for the small businesses, making profit is the main priority.
free campus tour runs daily during summer for prospective students.
free campus tours run daily during summer for prospective students.
freshwater creatures did not appear in the paintings until the modern period.
freshwater creatures didn't appear in the paintings until the modern period.
fruits containing too much sugar have little or no value.
generally young children around the world enjoy listening to stories.
geography is generally divided into two branches: human and physical.
get enough sleep the night before the test.
global connections increased in academic communities, thanks to social media.
global connections thrived in academic communities, thanks to social media.
globalization often put more pressure on national economic policy.
globalization often puts more pressure on national economic policies.
good educators can recognize different kinds of learning styles.
good educators can recognize the different kinds of learning styles.
good nutrition is crucial to general health and vitality.
good nutrition is crucial to the general health and vitality.
good research delivers practical benefit to real people.
good research delivers practical benefits for real people.
good research delivers practical knowledge to real people.
good research paper delivers practical benefits to real people.
government department was doing some crucial work on climate change.
government reforms have been proposed at all levels.
governments need to make solar energy more affordable to everyone.
governments need to make solar energy more affordable to people.
graduates from this course find careers in the financial department.
graduates from this course find careers in the financial sector.
graduates from this field usually pursue careers in financial fields.
graduates of journalism can get a job in the communication field.
graduates of journalism can get a job in the communications field.
graduates want to find works related to their field.
graphs and charts allowed data more easily to be understood.
graphs are often useful for geographical research.
gravity makes objects attracted to one another.
growing population has posed a challenge to many governments
growing population has posed a challenge to many governments.
having clean water for consumption is vital for health.
having clean water for human consumption is vital for health.
having clean water for human is vital for health.
having clean water for the human is vital for health.
having snow means no flight can take off or land.
having strong motivation is vital for achieving your goal.
he has landed the job in a prestigious law firm.
he is regarded as the foremost economist this year.
he is regarded as the most foremost economist this year.
he landed a job in a prestigious law firm.
he landed his job in a prestigious law firm.
he started his tutorial presentation right on time.
he was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
he was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the 16th century.
he was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the sixteenth century.
he was regarded as the foremost economist at his time.
he was regarded as the foremost economist at that time.
he was regarded as the foremost economist this year.
he wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
heavy rain will fall across the city next week.
heavy snow means no flight can take off or land.
higher education provide treats plagiarism extremely
higher education provider treats plagiarism extremely serious.
higher numbers of patients were infected during previous outbreaks of illness.
his appointment as culture minister was seen as demotion.
his appointment as minister of culture was seen as a demotion.
his appointment to economic culture minister was seen as a demotion.
historical cities are financially dependent on the tourism as income.
historical economics is the trick of the subject.
history of economics is a trick subject of research.
honey can be used as food and health product.
horizontal line on the graph indicates there is no change.
human beings compete with other living things for resources and space.
human beings compete with other species for resources and space.
human beings compete with other species for spaces and resources.
human beings compete with other things for resources and spaces.
hundreds of millions of dollars are spent each year promoting unhealthy foods.
hundreds of scientific papers have been published on global warming.
i am going to transform my mathematical skills to the classroom.
i don't think it's possible to solve the problem easily.
i think it's one of the best things i've done really.
i thought it was through the small meeting room.
i thought it was thrown in a small meeting room.
i thought we would meet in the small meeting room.
i want to make an appointment with the manager.
i will come back to this in a moment.
i will now demonstrate how the reaction can be arrested by adding a dilute acid.
i would like all the engineering students to raise their hands.
i'm going to transform my mathematic skills to the classroom.
identity theft happens to thousands of people every day.
identity theft happens to thousands of people every year.
if finance is a cause of concern, scholarships may be available.
if finance is the cause of a concern, scholarships may be available.
if it helps to take notes in order to concentrate, please do so.
if it helps to take notes in order to concentration, please do so.
if it helps to take notes to concentrate, please do so.
if taking notes helps your concentration, please do it.
if you are not sure, call student services for help.
if you are not sure, phone student services for help.
if you need a parking ticket ,see me after the lecture
if you need a parking ticket, see me after the lecture.
if you need additional help, please visit the university resources center.
if you need additional help, visit the student resolution center.
if you need additional help, visit the student resolve center.
if you need additional help, visit the student resolve centre.
if you seek for further extension, contact your faculty for more information.
if you use anger as a tool too often, people will learn to avoid you.
implementation figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
important details from the argument are missing in the summary.
important details in the article are missing from the summary.
imported packages are likely to be used in many computers.
in addition to the course's requirements, students must pass the qualification examinations.
in addition to the requirements, students must pass the qualifying examinations.
in ancient times the sheltered harbour attracted travellers at this location.
in any written assignment, a detailed literature review is important.
in any written assignment, a detailed literature review is very important.
in consultation with your supervisor, your thesis is approved by the faculty committee.
in europe, the political pressure is similar regarding globalization.
in his lifetime, he composed most of the works.
in my opinion, the car should be repaired.
in my opinion, this car should be repaired soon.
in some countries, people live in homes made from shipping containers.
in statistics, a detailed lecture of view is very important.
in that moment, few people moved from the town to the village.
in the research, data must be collected by analysis.
in this book, the author discussed the role of cultural differences.
in this language course, we focus on fluency and accuracy.
increasing population results in an increasing demand for energy.
increasing population results in increased demand in energy.
industrial experts will discuss job opportunities in an automatic labor force.
industries now bring more job opportunities than agriculture and fishing combined.
industry experts will discuss job opportunities in an automatic labor field.
industry experts will discuss the job opportunity in an automated workforce.
industry experts will discuss the opportunities in an automated workforce.
industry experts will discuss the opportunities in an optimal workforce.
industry will discuss job opportunities for work.
inflation affects the demand, pricing and consumption of most products.
information may soon disappear forever as few people read classical languages.
information technology has changed the way people study today.
information technology has changed the way people work today.
information technology has changed the way we study
interim grades will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
interim grades will be posted outside the student lounge.
interim results will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
international aid programs have been reduced by the new government.
international exchanges formed the important part of our study program.
international exchanges formulate the study of our program.
international students come from all around the world.
it helps you rationally assess your arguments.
it helps you to rationally assess your arguments.
it is absolutely vital that you acknowledge all your sources.
it is absolutely vital to allocate your resources.
it is an integrated course with several different elements.
it is an integrated course with several main elements.
it is an integrated course with three different elements.
it is being made to reduce harmful emissions.
it is clear that human population impacts on the environment.
it is clear that the human population impacts the environment
it is clear that the human population impacts the environment.
it is hard to anticipate all the characters that were in react.
it is hard to anticipate all the characters that were in the act.
it is hard to anticipate all their actions.
it is hard to observe the reaction of the character.
it is important for students to keep up with the deadline.
it is important to allocate your time wisely when revising.
it is important to make clear notes when you are reading.
it is important to make clear notes while you are reading.
it is interesting to observe the development of the language skills of toddlers.
it is necessary to dress formally for the graduation ceremony.
it is possible to keep the energy of an atom in two ways
it is possible to keep the energy of an atom in two ways.
it is really a comprehensive program comprising both theory and practice.
it is really a comprehensive program covering both theory and practice.
it is really a comprehensive program that covers both theory and practice.
it is strictly required to submit the assignment by friday.
it is successfully acknowledged that there is a student graduation ceremony.
it is the members contribution.
it is very likely that space travel will become popular in the private sector.
it may not mean that it is possible to solve the problem easily.
it takes a long time to walk to the university.
it takes a long time to walk to university.
it was four more years before the theory was fully developed.
it was hard to anticipate all the different characters that were in react.
it was hard to anticipate how all the different characters would react.
it will be extremely beneficial to work together.
it would be extraordinarily beneficial to work together.
it would be extremely beneficial to work together.
it's confidence and it's optimism that i now have.
it's important to make clear notes while you are reading.
it's just a feeling of having tried something new and succeeded.
journalism faces the crises in the light of the digital revolution.
journalism faces the crisis in the light of the digital revolution.
journalism has undergone many changes in recent years.
key business partners are often entertained in expense accounts.
key business partners are often intertwined in expense accounts.
ladies have the popular forms of entertainments throughout the world.
late applications are not accepted under any circumstances.
law is beneficial to investors by protecting their rights and avoiding any improper actions in the market.
laws protect consumer rights and help to avoid market problems.
leading company changed their policies after their reports were released.
leave the building immediately if the fire alarm goes off.
lecture outlines are available on the faculty board and internal website.
lecture outlines are available on the faculty board and the internal website.
lectures are the oldest and the most formal teaching method at universities.
lectures' outlines are available on the college internal website.
let me give you an example to explain what i mean.
let me know if anybody struggles in the lab.
let me know if anyone struggles in the lab.
libraries in many areas were closed due to lack of funding.
libraries in many areas were closed due to the lack of funding.
libraries provide a lot of useful services for students.
libraries provide a range of services for students.
libraries provide lots of services for students.
library plays an important role in students' lives.
library plays an important role in student’s life.
library reference desks hold a lot of materials on academic history.
life expectancy and infant mortality rate are two of the best indicators of overall health.
linguist is the scientist and knowledge of the language.
linguistics is an analysis of language.
linguistics is the scientific study and analysis of language.
listening is key to succeed in this course.
listening is the key skill to succeed in this course.
literature can be classified in various ways.
lots of people turned out to be at the presidential address.
lung cancer remains a largely incurable disease.
make sure you choose a course that provides great career opportunities.
make sure you have saved all the files before turning off the computer.
make sure you wash your hands before preparing food.
make sure you wash your hands before preparing the food.
making a mistake is fine as long as you've learnt from it.
making mistakes is fine as long as you learn from them.
making mistakes is fine, as long as you learn from it.
making sure you have saved all the files before turning off the computer.
managing the increasing population is the challenge for most governments.
manufacturing now brings more people in than agriculture and fishing combined.
many birds migrate to warmer areas for the winter.
many birds migrated to the warmer areas for winter.
many cities are actively working on ways for reducing air pollution.
many cities are actively working on ways to reduce air pollution.
many companies use personality tests in interview process.
many courses in the institution are funded by private entrepreneurs.
many diseases on the list have been eradicated.
many diseases on the list have been irritated.
many experts think that the world climate is changing.
many experts think that the world climate is constantly changing.
many food crops require a large amount of water and fertilizer.
many food crops require a large quantity of water and fertilizer.
many graduates of journalism can get jobs in the communications field.
many graduates studying journalism get jobs in communications field.
many important policies need to be made.
many students find true or false questions are harder than short answer questions.
many students find true- false questions harder than short answer questions.
many toxins are originated from plants and animals.
many toxins originate from plants or animals.
many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education online learning resources.
many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education's online learning resources.
many universities provide exchange programs to other countries.
many universities' lectures can now be reviewed in internet.
many universities' lectures can now be reviewed on the internet.
many university lectures can now be viewed on the internet.
many vocational courses in the institution are funded by private enterprises.
marine environment has been destroyed by pollution and unsustainable development.
materials and resources are on hold at the library's front desk.
mature students usually adapt to university life extremely well.
measures must be taken to prevent unemployment rate from increasing.
measuring personal experience of happiness is easier than you would think.
mechanical engineering first became prominent during the industrial revolution.
mechanical engineering has become predominant since the industrial revolution.
mechanical engineering has become prominent since the industrial revolution.
mechanical evolution became a predominant phenomenon during the industrial revolution.
media can influence humans' opinions.
medical researchers have focused on the cause of diseases and treatments.
medical researchers have focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
medical researchers have focused on the different treatments and diseases.
members can contribute to the association of operating firm.
members should make concentrated contributions to associated operating funds.
members should make concentrated contributions to operating funds.
members should make mandatory contributions to associated operating funds.
mobile devices are not allowed during the examination.
modern computer memory is extended every year.
momentum is defined as a combination of mass and velocity.
momentum is defined as the combination of mass and velocity.
money and how it is paid can affect the motivations to work.
money and how it is paid can be the motivation for the work.
more graduate training is often needed after the university study is finished.
more muscles are used in swimming than other sports.
more research is needed before any definitive conclusion can be drawn.
more research is needed before any definitive conclusion is drawn.
more research is required in the field of food science
more time will be needed to process the topic of the project.
most critics agreed with the new theory, but a few disagreed.
most food constructions require large amount of water or fertilizer.
most known oil reserves last for only half a century.
most of the features were part of the previous system.
most of the scientists disagreed to discuss the size and the levels of society.
most of the students have not considered these issues before.
most of the students have not considered this issue before.
most of the students haven't considered the issues before.
most of the theories were similar but a few critics disagreed.
most of the theories were similar, but a few critics disagreed.
most of these features were part of the previous system.
most scientists believe that climate change threatens lives on the earth.
most students had not considered this issue before.
most students have not considered this issue before.
most teaching staff make their lecture notes available online.
most theories are quite similar, but a few critics disagree.
most theories were quite similar but a few critics disagreed.
most university teaching takes place in lectures and seminars.
most university's teaching takes place in lectures and seminars.
much of the research is carried out in the laboratory.
muscle cells bring parts of the body closer together.
muscles make parts of the body close together.
museum is closed on thursday morning every month.
mutually exclusive events can be described as either complementary or opposite.
nasa has been at the forefront of deep space exploration.
native speakers are exempt from language tests in their own language.
native speakers are exempt from the language tests in their own languages.
natures are defined as specific chemical compounds.
neurons are principally involved in chemical processes.
neuroscience is a compound of completely separate parts.
new credit cards will be soon using fingerprint technology.
new credit cards will soon use fingerprint technology.
new credit cards will soon use the finger press technology.
new credit cards will soon using fingerprint technology.
new development in technology contributes to current research.
new developments in manufacturing are constantly changing the way we live.
new developments in technology are influencing current research.
new materials and techniques are changing the style of architecture.
new materials and techniques are changing the way of architecture.
new media has a significant impact on human communications.
new media has an impact on human communications.
new media is to find new areas to study
new media is to find new areas to study in.
new media journalism is an exciting area for study.
new media journalism is an exciting field of study.
new media journalism is an interesting area for study.
newspapers are supported primarily by the sales of advertising space.
no more than four people can be in the lab at once.
notes lecture will begin punctually, so please do not be late.
novelists write the best things that they know about.
novelists write things about things they know about.
nurses specialize in clinical work and management.
nutrition plays a key role in athletic performance.
observers waited nervously and bated their breath for the concert.
observers waited nervously and held their breath for the concert.
observers waited nervously and with bated breath for the concert.
observers waited nervously with bated breath for the concert.
oil only reserve half-century.
one function of body fat is to keep (all) internal organs warm.
one function of body fat is to keep the internal organs warm.
one function of the body fat is to keep all internal organs warm.
one of the election promises is to decrease the income tax.
one of the elections promises to reduce tax.
one of the functions of the internal organ is to keep the body warm.
one of the key conclusions is that the development needs were met
one of the key conclusions is that the development needs were met.
one of the promises is to decrease the contest.
one thirtieth of wildlife have been ignored by developers.
online courses allow students to work in their own pace.
online courses allow students to work on their own paces.
organic food is considered to be free of chemicals.
organization plays an important role in academic literature.
organizational failure is considered in various perspectives in academic literature.
our aim is to transform classical teaching in the classroom.
our aim is to transform the classical teaching in the classroom.
our aim is to transmit the mathematics teaching in the classroom.
our class will be divided into three groups.
our class will be divided into two groups, you come with me, others stay here.
our company currently employs more than ten thousand people worldwide.
our company is intended to hire more than ten thousand people worldwide.
our company must have independent financial auditing.
our courses help improve critical thinking and independent learning skills.
our courses help to improve critical thinking and independent learning skills.
our cultural values are dependent on the choices we made.
our cultural values depend on the choice we make.
our facilities include five items in the university.
our food supply now contains so much added sugar that our metabolic systems can't handle it.
our food supply now contains too much sugar that our metabolic system cannot handle it.
our group is going to meet tomorrow in the library conference room.
our laboratory equipment is provided free of charge.
our lecture today will discuss the american war of independence.
our new medical students must attend the talk about optional courses.
our professor is hosting the business development conference.
our professor is hosting the economic development conference next week.
our professors are hosting a business conference.
our study program equips students with central skills for university.
our university theatre group will be performing in the concert hall.
our workshop is opening for all the students on the campus.
our workshops are open for all students on campus.
our workshops are opening for all students on campus.
overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the lives of the majority of the population.
packages are likely to be used in many computers.
packaging is very important to attract intentioned buyers.
packaging is very important to attract the attention of a buyer.
pain is necessary, as it acts as a warning of danger.
parenting is difficult for parents who have shift work.
parents are financially responsible for their children until they reach adulthood.
parents today are involved in the education of their children.
parents today are more responsible for their children's education.
participants are initially collected from a range of foundation subjects.
participants initially select from a range of foundation subjects.
participating in the class is the center of the course.
participation rate in the study of language learning exceeded the expectations.
participation rate on studying language learning exceeded expectations.
peer group pressure has a great effect on young people.
peer group pressure has a significant effect on young people.
peer pressure has a great effect on young people.
peer review is a central part of scientific method.
peer review is an essential part of scientific methods.
people have been dependent on using phones in their everyday life.
people have been independent by using phones in everyday life.
people have been independent on using phones in their everyday life.
people provide the reports to support your idea of these arguments.
people see stars that were billions of years ago.
people will never learn that the life exists on the other planets.
people with active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have a major illness.
people with active lifestyles are less likely to die early or have major illnesses.
pets offer emotional support to sick and elderly people.
philosophers used logic and reasons to analyze the human behaviors or experiences
philosophy uses a lot of logic and reasoning to analyze human experiences.
philosophy uses a lot of logics and reasons to analyze human experience.
philosophy uses the logic and reasons to analyze human and experience.
physical health can be improved by regular training.
physicist students have student module this year.
physics is a detailed study of matter and energy.
physics is a key subject to understand the world and the universe.
physics is the key subject to understand the world and universe.
physics students will do an additional module if their marks are low.
physics students will do an additional module this year.
plagiarism in a test is very severe.
plants are able to continue growing throughout their lives.
plants are living things that grow on land or in water..
plants are the living things that can grow in land or in water.
plants are the living things that can grow on land or in water.
please click the logo above to enter the site.
please close the door behind you when you leave the room.
please confirm that you have received the textbook.
please ensure you do not go above word limitation.
please follow the guidelines for more information on setting the goals.
please make sure you correctly cite all necessary materials.
please make sure you correctly cite all the necessary materials.
please make sure you correctly cited all the necessary materials.
please make sure you do not go over the word count.
please make sure you have collected all the necessary materials.
please make sure your application follows the guidelines provided.
please make sure your applications are following the guideline provided.
please move us to the meeting room for the next hour.
please note that the college laboratory will be closed for cleaning next week.
please note that the substantial deadlines are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances.
please note, submission deadlines are only negotiable in an exceptional circumstance.
please note, submission deadlines are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances.
please provide the reports to support your idea of these arguments.
please read the chapter one of the history textbook.
please remember to bring a highlighter and your textbook to class next thursday.
please remember to bring a highlighter to class next wednesday.
please return the books to the correct positions on the shelves
please return the books to the correct positions on the shelves.
please return the reference book to the correct position on the shelf.
please return the reference book to the correct position on the table.
please turn off the light to save energy.
please turn off the lights to save energy.
please visit the website for information about the opening times.
please visit the website for more information about the opening times.
please work with each other to build monolithic statues.
please write down the name of the author and the year of publication.
please write the name of author and the year of publication.
politicians need to be more practical when they are addressing the issues.
politicians need to be more proactive when addressing a given issue.
politicians need to be more proactive when they are addressing the issues.
politicians need to be proactive when they are addressing these issues.
politics is not usually a safe topic of conversation.
politics is usually not a safe topic for conversation.
popular culture is not a serious subject of academic inquiry.
popular culture is now a serious subject of academic inquiry.
population geography includes the study of demography.
potential customers can see what employees say online.
practical experiments are an essential part of the chemistry course.
practical experiments are essential parts of chemical classes.
practicing time-restricted eating a few times a week can be both feasible and healthy.
practicing time-restricted eating a few times a week could be both feasible and healthy.
preparation is important to avoid mishaps in the lab.
presidential elections are held every four years.
presidential elections are held once every four years.
professors with higher educational standard trained them extremely seriously.
protective clothing must always be worn in the laboratory.
protective goggles must be worn in all the university's laboratories.
providers of higher education treat plagiarism extremely seriously.
psychologists say what we have experienced influences our behaviors
psychologists say what we have experienced influences our behaviors.
public perception about biotechnology is crucial for developing scientific consensus.
purity is one feature that makes gold expensive.
radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world
radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world.
rail transport is becoming more and more popular.
read safety instructions before using the equipment during the workshop.
read the four sections before the next meeting.
read the safety instructions before using any equipment in the workshop.
read the student safety instructions before using any equipment in the workshops.
reading histories involves a level of careful selections.
reading list will be available before the course begins
reading lists will be available before the course begins.
reading widely is an important part of the undergraduate study.
recession triggers creativity and high rates of entrepreneurship due to past experience.
recreation triggers creativity, according to populace's wisdom.
recycling systems can be complex, but they are becoming simpler.
reference materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
reference of material is held in the hall of the library reference desk.
relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
relevant materials are reserved in the library.
relevant resources are reserved in the library.
relying on natural abilities will not let you go further in science.
relying on natural ability will not get you far on science.
remember students have strict ability criteria.
remember to sign the attendance prior to the class.
remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the lecture hall.
remember, a prestigious selection has strict eligibility criteria.
remember, the gifts purchased by children should have a striped character.
remember, the prestigious election of student membership has strict eligibility criteria.
remember, the prestigious section has strict eligibility criteria.
remember, the prestigious selection has strict eligibility criteria.
renovation work is currently being undertaken throughout the whole building.
renovation works have been undertaken throughout the building.
research shows the exercising makes us feel better.
researches show that spending time outdoors has a range of benefits.
resources and materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
resources and materials are on hold at the library's reference desk.
resources and materials are on hold on the library reference desk.
restaurants are down to the hall and next to the right.
restrooms are down the entrance and to the right.
review all materials before drawing your conclusion.
review all resources before drawing your conclusions.
review all sources before drawing any conclusions.
review all your sources before drawing any conclusions.
rising in sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
rising in temperature is changing the wildlife population.
rising inflation may indicate the increasing demands for consumer products.
rising inflation means increasing goods prices and decreasing demand for products.
rising inflation rate indicates the increasing demands on consumer products.
rising sales figures means a rise in demand.
rising sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
rivers provide habitat and migration pathways for numerous aquatic species.
rivers provide habitats and migration pathways for numerous aquatic species.
rivers provide habitats and migration pathways to fish and numerous aquatic species.
rivers provide habitats and water pathways for numerous species.
rivers provide habitats for fish and other aquatic species.
safety glasses should be worn while doing experiments in the lab.
sales figures for last year were better than expected.
sales figures last year are better than expected.
salt is extracted from sea water.
salt is produced from the seawater or extracted from the ground.
scholarship applications must be handed in at the end of the month.
scholarships are available for both local and international students.
science degree are now offering different levels of specialization.
science degrees are now offering different levels of specialization.
science is found in society all around the world.
science library is currently located on the ground of the library.
scientific beneficiary to space exploration is frequently questioned.
scientific experiments are repeated in order to find results.
scientific experiments should be repeated in verifying the results.
scientists are always asking the government for money.
scientists are always asking the government for more money.
scientists are always asking the governments for more money
scientists are unsure when the first man left africa.
scientists can develop new elements in the laboratory.
scientists can develop new elements in their laboratory.
scientists here are studying a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
scientists learned through the observations and the analysis of the human behavior.
scientists learned through the observations and the analysis of the human behaviour
scientists recognize differences among water molecule content.
scientists recognized the different ice types according to the water molecule content.
scientists show when the early men left africa.
scientists were unsure when the early man first left africa.
scientists were unsure when the early man left africa.
scientists were unsure when the early men left africa.
sea levels are expected to rise during the next century.
several candidates were graded as the greatest scientists of all times.
several candidates will be qualified as the greatest scientists in all time.
several organizations work to prevent animal cruelty.
she began by giving an outline of previous lecture.
she began by giving an outline of previous lectures.
she began by giving an outline of the previous lecture.
she has been in the library for a long time.
she has made a significant contribution to the field of chemistry.
she received a scholarship from the state library.
she received a scholarship from the state university.
she received the scholarship from the state library.
she used to be an editor of the student newspaper.
she used to be an editor of the students' newspaper.
slides and handouts can be downloaded after the lecture.
social media is criticized for causing internet addiction.
social media is criticized of causing internet addiction.
social policies describe the ways in which society meets human's needs.
social policies describe the ways in which the society meets human's needs.
social policy describes the ways in which the society meets human's needs.
social psychology has been considered by human behavior.
social science is the study of solving social problems.
sociology policies are the sources of government to solve social problems.
sociology policies are the sources of the government to solve social problems.
some departments have their own special book collections.
some economists argue that the entire financial system is falling.
some economists argue that the entire financial system is fatally flawed.
some of the features are part of previous research.
some of the vocational courses are provided by many private enterprises.
some of these features were part of the previous system.
some people are motivated by competition, while others prefer collaboration.
some people are motivated by competition, while others prefer to collaborate.
some people argue that education is not that important.
some people believe that education should be free for all.
some people regarded it as care, while others regarded it as recklessness.
some people regarded this as eye wash whereas some people ask for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
some people regarded this as eyewash whereas some people asked for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
some students find true or false questions are harder than short answer questions.
some students find true-or-false questions harder than short answer questions.
some vocational courses at institution are funded by private enterprises.
some vocational courses in institutions are funded by private enterprises.
some young people find city life rather stressful.
something will be left by the conductor.
sound waves are unable to travel through the vacuum.
speak to your tutor if you need further assistance.
speed is defined as how fast a person or an object moves.
speed is defined as how quickly a person or an object moves.
speed is defined as how quickly an object or a person moves.
sports teams practice on weekdays and play games on weekends.
statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on the circumstances.
statistically speaking, the likelihood of the result is extremely low.
strangely, people are impacted by spontaneously using statistics.
strong liner is used to measure distance and baseline.
student advisor was aware that lecture today has been canceled.
student concession cards can be obtained by completing an application form.
student concession cards need to be obtained by completing an application form.
student identification card will be issued by today or tomorrow.
student identification cards will be issued by today or tomorrow.
student shop has a range of stationery.
students and staff will automatically become a member in their library.
students are advised that all the lectures today have been canceled.
students are advised to use multiple methods for this project.
students are encouraged to monitor studies by themselves.
students are encouraged to monitor their own attendance.
students are encouraged to read the new books recommended by professor jones.
students are encouraged to think carefully about their accommodation needs.
students are instructed to hand in their assignments by the end of this week.
students are permitted to park at campus parking spaces.
students are recommended to read new books by professor johns.
students are recommended to read new books by professor jones
students are required to complete the research paper by monday.
students are required to have an undergraduate degree in biology to be enrolled in this course.
students are required to use research methods for this project.
students develop confidence in their ability to think critically.
students find true or false questions harder than short answers.
students have freedom to choose the subjects they are interested in.
students have the option to live in college residences or apartments.
students have the options to live in college residences or apartments.
students may only park their cars in authorized university parking spaces.
students may only use parking cards in authorized university parking spaces.
students must attend the safety course before entering the engineering workshop.
students must pass all the qualifying examinations.
students require undergraduate biology degree to enroll in this course.
students requiring for an extension should apply sooner rather than later.
students should have an awareness of how the business develops globally.
students should have awareness of how the business develops globally.
students should leave their bags on the table by the door.
students should take advantage of the online resources before attending the lecture.
students should take the advantage of the online resources before attending the lecture.
students should take the training course to use the gym.
students were instructed to stand in a straight line outside of the classroom.
students were instructed to submit their assignments by friday.
students who are successful have a good strategy for learning.
students who are successful have a good strategy of learning.
students who are successful have good strategies for learning.
students who attempt to go to the conference must register now.
students who attempted to go to the conference must register now.
students who study overseas can significantly improve work chances.
students who want to attend the conference must register first.
students will develop confidence to their ability to think critically.
students will focus on reporting news on changing media world.
students would develop confidence on their ability to think critically.
students' identification cards will be issued by today or tomorrow.
students' representatives will visit classes with voting forms.
studies show there is a positive correlation between two variables.
studying history can help you better understand the present.
studying medicine is always with a wide range of opportunities.
submitting your group assignment must be issued punctually by one of your group members.
successful applicants will work with a large team of researchers.
sugar is a compound including carbon hydrogen and oxygen items.
sugar is a compound including carbon, hydrogen and oxygen atoms.
sugar is a compound which consists of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
sugar is a solid carbohydrate which is always used in sweet food.
sugar is a solid carbohydrate which is always used to sweeten food.
summer schools allow some students to accelerate their studies.
supply and demand is one of the most fundamental concepts in economics.
supply and demand is one of the most fundamental factors in economics.
sydney is australia's largest city, chief port and cultural center.
sympathy is a feeling of sorrow for someone who is not happy.
take the first step by applying for university scholarship now.
take the first step to apply for your university scholarship.
teaching assistance plays a vital role in the learning process.
teaching assistants will receive a monthly remuneration for housing.
teaching assistants will receive a monthly stipend for housing.
teaching assistants will receive monthly fees for housing.
technological developments have changed the way we live.
technologies on biotechnology is of crucial importance in the project developing.
technology and industry are the drivers of global economy.
technology is changing the way media is used and studied.
technology is no longer a simple tool that we can control.
textile manufacturing plays a large role in improving economies.
that brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
that means that we have so many struggles in the lab.
that means there will be many struggles in our lives.
that means they have so many struggling overlaps
that means they have so many struggling overlaps.
that means we have several structural overlaps.
that means we have so many struggles in the lab.
that means we will have some struggling overlaps.
that means we won't have any struggle in the lab.
the ability to work with fellow students cannot be stressed enough.
the academic tradition of the school ensures excellence.
the aerial photograph is promptly registered for further investigation.
the aerial photographs were promptly registered for thorough evaluation.
the aim is to reduce the risk that people take.
the aim is to reduce the risks that people take.
the amount of time spent on configuration varies considerably.
the application process may take longer than expected.
the application process may take longer than it's expected.
the archaeologist's new discoveries stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
the archaeologists stand out in previously out looked foundations.
the archaeologist’s new discoveries stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
the architectural numbers vary in that experiment.
the area has a number of underwater habitats and species.
the area has a number of underwater habitats in species.
the area has a wide diversity of habitats for underwater species.
the article considered the leisure habits of teenagers in rural areas or places.
the article consists of a number of interesting experiments.
the article extrapolates a number of very interesting experiments.
the article first introduces various interesting experiments.
the article illustrates a very large number of very interesting experiments.
the article illustrates various interesting experiments.
the article introduces a number of interesting experiments.
the article involves a number of interesting experiments.
the article presents a number of very interesting experiments.
the article refers to number of interesting experiments.
the article reflects a number of interesting experiments.
the article reflects a number of very interesting experiments.
the article reflects various interesting experiments.
the article shows a number of interesting experiments.
the article verifies a number of interesting experiments.
the article verifies various interesting experiments.
the artistic ties to conservative politicians earned their own roles of critics.
the artistic ties to the conservative politicians earned their roles of critics.
the artists and conservative politicians earn their rules of politics.
the artists and conservative publications earn their roles of critics.
the artists other than politicians earned credits of their own roles as critics.
the artists tied with politicians earned row of critiques.
the artists tied with the conservative politicians earned the roles of critics.
the artists tied with the conservative politicians earned their own roles of critics.
the artist’s ties connected politicians earned row of critiques.
the assessment of this course will begin next week.
the author is currently a professor at cambridge university.
the author is currently the professor at the cambridge university.
the author's early works are less philosophical and more experimental.
the author's previous works are more philosophical and less experimental.
the author's previous works are more theoretical and less experimental.
the author’s early works are less philosophical and more experimental.
the balance in diet and exercise makes for good health.
the balance in diet and exercise makes good health.
the bank is hoping to tap into a fast growing market
the bank is hoping to tap into a fast growing market.
the bank is hoping to tap into a fast-growing market.
the bar chart provides useful means of data comparison.
the blue whale is the largest animals to have ever lived.
the body fat keeps internal organs warm.
the book was supported by many faculty members.
the british students need to study mathematics in secondary school.
the bus to london will be leave ten minutes later than expected.
the bus to london will leave ten minutes later than expected.
the business class can hold with local students.
the business development seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
the business plan seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
the business policy seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
the cafeteria features sandwiches, salads, soup, fish and chicken.
the cafeteria was sold out of coffee on friday this week.
the cafeteria will only serve cold meals on friday this week.
the cafeteria will only serve cold milk on friday this week.
the camera can identify eyes and focus on them.
the campus tour will help you to get familiar with the teaching facilities.
the capacity of computers is expanding rapidly every year.
the capacity of programming computers is expanding enormously every year.
the career service provides suggestions on how to pass the job interview.
the career services provide job interviews.
the cart carries a single object.
the castle was designed to intimidate both local people and the enemies.
the cause and effect of problem.
the celebrated theory is still a subject of a great controversy.
the celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
the chemistry building is actually being built.
the chemistry building is located near the entrance of the campus.
the chemistry club is located near the entrance to the campus.
the city's founder created a set of rules that became the law.
the city's founders created a set of rules that became laws.
the closing date for applications of travel scholarships is next monday
the closing date of application for travel scholarship is next monday.
the closing date of applications for travel scholarships is next monday.
the coffee house features sandwiches, salads, soup, chicken, and fish.
the coffee house has a special student discount throughout the week.
the coffee house menu features coffee, (chicken,) sandwiches and toast.
the coffee house menu features coffee, sandwiches and toast.
the coffee machine on the third floor is not working today.
the collapse of the housing market makes recessions.
the commission of fund supported among authorities has raised an argument.
the commissioner will allocate the funds among other authorities.
the commissioner will portion the funds among all the sovereignties.
the commissioner will portion the funds to all sovereignties.
the company needs to polish its image.
the computer memory of modern computer is extended every year.
the content is to define the combination of math and philosophy.
the content is to define the combination of maths and philosophy.
the cooperator operates a continuous assessment.
the course considerably emphasizes on the critical thinking skills.
the course covers architecture planning and construction on the international scale.
the course dates are available on the college website.
the course has been updated to reflect the current situation.
the course helps students to improve their pronunciation skills.
the course involves pure and applied mathematics.
the course tomorrow will require higher skill levels.
the course will help students to improve their pronunciation skills.
the course will start with the history of architecture.
the courses cover several aspects of the subject.
the curriculum is described in the course syllabus.
the curriculum is described in the course's syllabus.
the curriculum needed to be adjusted for development.
the dance department stages elaborated performances each semester.
the deadline for the submission of this assignment is tomorrow.
the deadline of the marketing assignment has been extended.
the deadline of this assignment is tomorrow.
the decision was made with the support of several faculty members.
the degree is taught by using a mixture of lectures and seminars.
the department has a higher proportion of postgraduate students.
the department has a higher than normal proportion of postgraduate students.
the department has higher than normal proportion of postgraduate students.
the department has organized a trip to london in july.
the department is doing research on biology.
the department is organising a trip to london in july.
the department is organizing a flight to london in july.
the department works closely for business communities.
the department works closely with its partners in the business community.
the designers will complete the plan later today
the designers will complete the plan later today.
the designers will complete the plan today.
the development in the information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
the digital camera has some advantages over traditional film.
the digital revolution has changed the way we read.
the dining hall will be under renovation during the fall break.
the dining hall will undergo renovations during the fall break.
the director of the gallery was grateful for the anonymous donation.
the disease that was serious has now been eradicated
the disease that was serious has now been eradicated.
the early works of this research were more experimental.
the early works were more philosophical rather than experimental.
the earth's atmosphere is mostly composed of nitrogen and oxygen.
the economic books are at the back on the left.
the economic predictions turn/turned out to be incorrect.
the economic predictions turned out to be incorrect.
the economy is now on its first signs of recovery.
the economy is now showing signs of recovery.
the economy is showing signs of revival.
the economy now is on the first sign of recovery.
the economy now is showing the first sign of recovery.
the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
the effect of advertising is open to much debate.
the effective business management is always happened with new ideas.
the election of president is held once every four years.
the elective course introduces engineering students to construct practices and concepts.
the employment demand in engineering is increasing rapidly.
the english and journalism degree has certain placements in the third year.
the english degree involves certain placements in the third year.
the english degree involves certain placements in thirty years.
the english degree is a worthy degree of the third year.
the equality has not yet been achieved in this society.
the essay contains most of the important information.
the essay will argue that the technology does more harm than good.
the essay will be published once the research is finished.
the evaluation forms will be reviewed by university personnel.
the exam system has been upgraded due to a professional exam.
the exam system has been upgraded due to professional exams.
the excursion for children is very much open to debate.
the exposure of advertising to children is open to much debate.
the extent of advertising for children is open to much debate.
the extent of advertising on children is very much open to debate.
the extent of advertising to children is very much open to debate.
the faculty staff are very approachable, friendly and extremely helpful.
the faculty staff are very approachable, helpful and extremely friendly.
the falling birth rate means the number of students dropped.
the falling birth rate means the number of students drops.
the farmers need to adapt to the changes of the climate.
the features issue the same explanation of the problem.
the features issued the same explanation of the problem.
the feedback from the students was extremely positive.
the feedback from the students was positive.
the fellow students cannot be addressed enough.
the fiction books are just past the counter.
the final year will consist of four taught courses and one project.
the finding shows that chocolate can improve immunity and mood.
the finding shows that dark chocolate can improve your immunity, mood and health.
the findings of researchers are focused on the cause of diseases and treatments.
the findings of researchers are focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
the first assignment is due on the fourteenth of september
the first assignment is due on the fourteenth of september.
the first assignment will be due on the 14th of september.
the first commercial advertising was built up on the island relatively recently.
the first commercial airport was built on the island relative recently.
the first commercial airport was built on the island relatively recently.
the following economic policy lecture has been cancelled.
the food crops require a large amount of water and fertilizer.
the gallery can only be visited on fridays.
the garden behind the university is a long and interesting one.
the garden behind the university is open to the public in summer.
the garden behind the university is open to the public in the summer.
the garden behind the university will open to the public in summer.
the generic biology technology lab is located at the north wing of the library.
the glimpse of dipping into this as a hobby is an enormously rewarding experience.
the goal of the company is to get investment.
the government financial plan has threatened the social services.
the government is funding research study on the consequences of unemployment.
the gravity is the force that attracts two bodies from one another.
the group performance will be in the concert hall.
the guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
the history course is assessed via three written assignments.
the history department is very active in research.
the history lecture has been moved to the lecture theater.
the history of economics is a tricky subject to study.
the history of the movement was recorded by several writers.
the history of the university is a long and interesting one.
the history of this university is a long and interesting one.
the human being competed with each other for resources and space.
the illnesses and diseases are coming.
the illnesses and the diseases are coming.
the importance of this event is not yet fully understood.
the importance of this event was not yet fully understood.
the industrial revolution in europe was driven by steam technology.
the inhabitants of wildlife have been ignored by developers.
the internet has transformed the nature of publishing
the internet has transformed the nature of publishing.
the introduction is an important component of a good presentation.
the invention of the printing press increases the demand for paper.
the island is located at the north of the bay.
the island is located at the south end of the bay.
the island is located far away from the bay.
the issue burst the exploration of the problem.
the jobs tomorrow will require higher skill levels.
the key difference between courses is the kind of assessment.
the key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
the key witnesses of the event are factors of your convention.
the key witnesses to the event have conflicting recollections.
the laboratory near the entrance of the library,
the large and wide table is not for sale.
the large, wide table is not for sale.
the laundry table is not for sale.
the leading companies changed their policies after the reports were released.
the leading companies have changed their policies and procedures after their reports were released.
the leaflets can be really useful when you are revising.
the lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policy in the united states.
the lecture will cover the reason of climate change.
the library contains a wide collection of images and photographs.
the library has a number of collections of historical and social statistical publications.
the library has a wide range of collection of images and films.
the library has an extensive collection of statistical references.
the library has substantial materials of economic history.
the library holds a substantial collection of materials on economic history.
the library will be closed for staff training tomorrow morning.
the library will stay open until midnight this week.
the local government has adopted a plan for infrastructure development.
the lowest grade has been omitted from the calculation.
the main concepts in these events were not new.
the main concepts in this thesis were not new.
the main concepts of these events were not yet fully understood.
the majority of our decisions are not rational.
the marketing budget is doubled since the beginning of the year.
the massive accumulation of data is converted to a communicable argument.
the massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument.
the media influence human options.
the media play a significant role in shaping public opinion.
the medium plays a significant role in shaping public opinion
the meeting for first year economic students is on tuesday.
the meeting for first-year economics students is on tuesday.
the meeting has so many struggling overlaps.
the meeting has some struggle overlaps.
the meeting has some struggling overlaps.
the module of the work is more of a compositional style.
the module of work is more of a compositional style.
the morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
the most important details in this argument are missing.
the most important process of farming is weeding.
the most popular courses still have a few places left.
the most striking thing about this budget of a smartphone cannot be seen on its face.
the most striking thing about this budget smartphone cannot be seen on its face.
the museum is closed on thursday morning every month.
the museum is closed on thursday mornings every month.
the nation achieved prosperity by opening its ports for trade.
the nearest automatic teller is in front of the anatomy labs.
the new art gallery can only be visited on fridays.
the new biology course will be starting in february.
the new chemistry professor will deliver his first lecture tomorrow.
the new media has transformed the traditional national boundaries.
the new medical students must attend the talk about optional classes
the new paper challenged the previously accepted theories
the new paper challenged the previously accepted theories.
the new product failed due to a lack of demand.
the new technician dropped the microscope in the biology lab.
the new theory takes all the latest research results into account.
the new timetable for the next term will be available next week.
the news is not received until the following week.
the night sky has always involved mystery and wonder.
the night's sky has always involved mystery and wonder.
the north campus car park could be closed on sunday.
the north car park will be closed on sunday.
the northern campus car park is located behind the library.
the office hours will be changed from next term.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays directly follow the freshman categories.
the office will be closed during the christmas break.
the opening hours of the library are reduced during summer.
the orchestra will be led by a visiting conductor.
the other book is not thorough but it's more insightful.
the paper challenged many previously accepted theories.
the paper has the potential to transform life science.
the participation rate in the study of language learning exceeded the expectations
the period was a golden age of english literature.
the physics students will be given an additional module this year.
the placement test for mathematics and statistics is offered in this semester.
the plight of wildlife has been ignored by developers.
the policy aims to increase the investment in foreign currency.
the post office will be closed on monday and friday afternoons.
the post office will be closed on mondays and fridays afternoon.
the poster of this play is hung in the large hall.
the poster of this play is hung in the large lecture theater.
the prevailing wind ensures the temperature extremes unwell.
the prevailing wind ensures the terms of something.
the printers automatically print two sides of each page.
the problem of postgraduate students is funding.
the professor took a year off to work on her book.
the professor took one year off to work on her book.
the professor took one year working on her book.
the program must be conducted abiding by general regulations
the program must be conducted abidingly by general regulations.
the project is divided into four main sections.
the properties should be appropriately distributed.
the prosperity of the united states can be described as the consequences of its open exports.
the public is often misled by biased coverage.
the public is often misled by the biased coverage.
the qualification will be assessed by using a conference criterion approach.
the qualification will be assessed by using a conference criterion to approach.
the qualification will be assessed by using a criterion-referenced approach.
the qualification will be assessed by using criterion-referenced approach.
the railway makes long-distance travel possible for everyone.
the railways make long-distance travel possible for everyone.
the railways were made to make distant travel possible.
the reading list will be available before the course begins.
the real group will perform in the concert hall.
the recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
the reception staff can give information of lending and printing.
the reception staff can give information of renting and printing.
the reception staff provide advice on renting private accommodation.
the reception staff provides advice on renting private accommodation.
the reconciliation is important, the basic underlying issue must be first addressed.
the relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
the relevant materials are reserved in the library.
the relevant resources are reserved in the library.
the renowned journalism will last for half of the century.
the report contains the most important information.
the research has produced some other unexpected results.
the research on cyclone tropical forest are forecasting the weather conditions.
the research paper examined the economies of three countries.
the research was investigating the great impact of gender on social attitude.
the research will investigate the great impact of gender on social attitude.
the researchers are disappointed that their materials are proved to be inconclusive.
the researchers are disappointed that their results are proved to be inconclusive
the resources cited are not enough for this assessment.
the rest of the material was deposited partway down the catchment.
the restrooms are down the hall to the right.
the result of the study underscored the discoveries from the early detections.
the results of the experiment are reported in the table below.
the results of the study underscore the discoveries from early detections.
the results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detections.
the rise in sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
the rising of the sea level indicates climate change.
the rising temperature is changing the wildlife population.
the same approach reached the same explanation of the problem.
the same approach reached to the same explanation of the problem.
the same issue featured both explanations of the problem.
the same issue featured both the explanations and the problems.
the same issue researched the same explanation of the problem.
the schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
the schedule allows plenty of time for independent study.
the schedule allows plenty of time for individual study.
the school canteen sells a large variety of water and food.
the school's summer programs help students to accelerate their studies.
the scientists found most of the studies today.
the scientists now study a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
the scientists use the web to explore the problems.
the scientists will face both the explanations and the problems.
the seminar provided an opportunity to exchange ideas with other students.
the seminar provides an opportunity to exchange ideas with other students.
the shipwreck of this year ruined some artifacts which were interested by historians.
the site is designed to be highly interactive.
the site is designed to be interactive.
the skills of great stage actor cannot be taught.
the skills of great stage actors cannot be taught.
the slide shows that there has been a minimal growth.
the slide shows there has been a minimal growth.
the sociology department is highly regarded worldwide.
the sociology exam will take place in week thirteen.
the software companies design and create new products.
the solar energy department is highly regarded worldwide.
the spot of lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
the stairs are to the left of the elevator.
the stock market redesigned the market throughout the world.
the student magazine is looking for a new editor.
the students are waiting for a meal.
the students have options to live in residences or apartments.
the students have the option to live in the college residences or apartments.
the students were instructed to submit their assignments before friday.
the students were instructed to submit their assignments by friday.
the students will meet their new teachers after the summer vacation.
the studies showed the hong kong people are the most active in asia.
the study of anthropology can help us learn about society today.
the study of anthropology can help us to learn society today.
the study of history can provide unique insight.
the study of utilizing projects is funded by the university.
the study shows that there are positive connections between the two variables.
the study shows the sense of recent technologies.
the subject was complex and hard to explain.
the summer course was canceled due to insufficient re-enrollments.
the summer course was cancelled due to insufficient enrollments.
the summer course was cancelled due to insufficient re-enrollments.
the summer school allows some students to accelerate their studies.
the summer school program allows students to summarize their studies.
the summer school programs allow students to summarize their studies.
the sustainable development is not easy, but it is unavoidable.
the synopsis contains the most important information.
the task tomorrow will require higher level skills.
the task tomorrow will require higher level.
the teacher asked the group to commence the task.
the teacher explained the homework to the class.
the teacher explains course to the class.
the teacher required students to attend a ceremony held in the playground in the summer vacation.
the teacher training is an observation of the classes.
the teaching group will perform in the concert hall.
the teaching staff are actively engaged in original research.
the technician dropped the new microscope in the biology lab.
the technician left the new microscope in the biology lab.
the technology has transformed the nature of society.
the temperature in summer is lower when comparing to the fall.
the terms illness and disease are confusing despite clear differences.
the terms of illnesses and diseases are often confused despite the clear differences
the theater courses are encouraging students to exercise creativity.
the theatre courses are encouraging students to access creativity.
the theatre study course encourages students to exercise creativity.
the theme of the instrumental work exhibited more of a demure, compositional style.
the theme of the instrumental work exhibits more of a demure, compositional style.
the theme of the issue was the estimation of the problem.
the theory has a great control of controversy.
the thief visited homes of several people every day.
the time of the math lecture has been changed to ten thirty.
the timetable for the new term will be available next week.
the toughest part of postgraduate education is funding.
the toughest part of public transport is funding.
the toughest part of research for postgraduate students is funding.
the toughest part of research for undergraduate education is funding.
the toughest problem of research for postgraduate students is funding.
the tutorial timetable can be found on the course website.
the two sides have disagreed on how to solve the problem.
the two variables in the study were very closely correlated.
the undergraduates need some specific resources to analyze a specific problem.
the undergraduates need some specific sources to analyse a specific program.
the undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a program.
the undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a specific program.
the universities provide excellent leisure facilities for students and staff.
the universities provide exchange programs to other countries.
the university canteen is now offering many healthy meal options.
the university canteen offers different healthy meal options.
the university canteen offers so many options.
the university has a world-renowned school of archaeology.
the university has invested in the new technology designed for learning.
the university library has most of the necessary books.
the university library held the collections of geological theories
the university library holds a number of collections of geological maps.
the university main library will be open till midnight until next monday.
the university officer will help you locate housing and transportation.
the university provides different facilities for students and staff.
the university provides excellent leisure facilities for students and staff.
the university provides legislation for students and staff.
the university seeks the funds for renovation of the theatre.
the university sent exchange students to other countries.
the university sent exchanged students to other countries.
the university should introduce technology to support learning.
the university should invest technology methods designed to support learning.
the university theatre group will be performing in the concert hall.
the university's main library will be open till midnight until next monday.
the untapped potential of using the sun's rays is phenomenal.
the untapped potential use of sun rays is phenomenal
the untapped potential use of sun rays is phenomenal.
the untapped potential way to monitoring sun's rise is phenomenal.
the urban geography degree includes the study of demography.
the use of dictionary is not allowed during the examination.
the use of mobile phone is not permitted in the library.
the use of mobile phones is not permitted in the library.
the very basic definition of computing would be counting and calculation.
the visiting guest used to be the lecturer of this department.
the visiting speaker used to be a lecturer in this department.
the visitor used to be the lecturer of this department.
the vocabulary that has peculiar meanings is called jargon.
the way people communicate is constantly changing.
the ways in which people communicate are constantly changing.
the weather turned out to be lovely sometime earlier.
the weather used to be lovely at this time of the year.
the whole point of the project was to look at the norm but not the exception.
the whole point of the project was to look at the norm not the exception.
the wildlife have been ignored by developers.
the winter sun is lower but high enough to produce enough warmth.
the workshop will show you how to search the library catalogues
the workshop will show you how to search the library catalogues.
the world is now getting warmer at a fast rate.
theater study courses encourage students to exercise creativity.
theft happens to a thousand people every day.
theory and training are required to become a medical specialist.
there are a variety of different ways to present statistical information.
there are a variety of disciplines in the field of engineering.
there are a wide variety of disciplines within the field of engineering.
there are accounting assignments for finance students.
there are dedicated specialist librarians available all the time.
there are different types of governments in the world.
there are many branches of medical studies.
there are many concerns about the research, for example, financial considerations.
there are many different styles of business management.
there are many exciting developments occurring in the industry.
there are many good reasons to grow trees in more cities.
there are many good reasons to plant trees in city.
there are many types of governments in the world.
there are more opportunities to receive the grants in most artistic fields.
there are new innovations in the field of digital architecture.
there are not many interconnections between philosophy and psychology.
there are opportunities to receive the grants from most artistic fields.
there are places on campus where you can get meals.
there are places on campus where you can get milk.
there are places on campus where you can't get milk.
there are places that we can get milk.
there are places where we can get milk.
there are so many fast food outlets on campus nowadays
there are so many fast food outlets on campus nowadays.
there are some doubts about whether these events actually occurred.
there are some doubts as to whether these events actually occurred.
there are some laboratories that are closed due to the lack of funding.
there are still many people struggling in the lab.
there are still many people who struggle in the lab.
there have been (too) many struggles in the mathematics department.
there have been long streams of extreme weather since human history.
there have been long streams of extreme weather throughout human history
there have been many changes recently in the mathematics department.
there have been too many struggles in the mathematics department.
there is a clear need for further research in this field.
there is a lot of traffic in the morning.
there is a need for constructive dialogues between leaders.
there is a new chemistry test next week.
there is a point between chemistry and other side of subjects.
there is a separate reading list for each course.
there is a significant difference between theory and practice in education.
there is a significant difference between theory and practice of education.
there is a strict eligibility criterion to undertake background speaker studies.
there is a welcome party for all new students each term.
there is a welcome party for all new students for each term.
there is a widely believed perception that engineering is for boys.
there is an accounting assessment for finance students.
there is an accounting assignment for finance students.
there is an important difference between mass production and batch production.
there is an overlap between chemistry and other subjects.
there is clearly a need for further research in this field.
there is no criterion passed for qualified journalists.
there is no economic reason why public borrowing is necessarily bad.
there is no economic recognition that borrowing is necessarily bad.
there is no fixed career path for a qualified journalist.
there is no fixed career path for qualified journalists.
there is no much interconnection between philosophy and psychology.
there is no reason to prove that boredom is necessarily bad.
there is not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
there is not enough evidence to support this recommendation.
there is not much interconnection between philosophy and psychology
there is not much interconnection between philosophy and psychology.
there may be financial concerns in the research, for example, funding considerations.
there was a lot of traffic in the morning.
there was a prize for the best student of the presentation.
there was no correlation between drug used and cure rates.
there was not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
there were a lot of traffic jams this morning.
there will be a chemistry test in the classroom next week.
there will be a conference here next summer on using the web for academic research.
there will be a guest lecture in the next class.
there will be a meeting for the first year students on friday.
there will be a meeting for the first-year students on friday.
these features were part of the previous system.
these have also been found to contribute to the death of many marine animals.
these leaflets can be really useful when you are revising.
these regions were both areas of economic development.
these research, data and collections should be analyzed.
these researches, data and collections should be analyzed.
these three separate resources are not enough for this assessment.
these words recognize the excellence of undergraduates' research projects.
these words recognized the excellence of undergraduates' research projects.
they develop a unique approach to train their employees.
they developed a unique approach to training their employees.
they have both grown up in the rural area and dislike the urban life.
they have both grown up in the rural areas and dislike the urban life.
they have struggled since last year to make their services paid.
they look at the health needs of the local community and develop plans to set priorities locally.
they reached the same explanation of the problem.
they were struggling last year to make their service paid.
they were struggling last year to make their service pay.
this advanced course requires a basic knowledge of economic theory.
this article covers architecture planning and construction.
this article refers to a number of interesting experiments.
this book can be borrowed for a maximum of one week.
this camera can identify eyes and focus on them.
this class will look at the structure of an essay.
this class will look at the structure of the essay.
this course aims to develop your knowledge of statistics.
this course can help to deepen your appreciation of art.
this course considerably emphasizes on the critical thinking skills.
this course is integrated because it has several parts.
this course provides the opportunity to get valuable industry experience.
this course puts great emphasis on critical thinking skills.
this essay will argue technology does more harm than good.
this graph shows there is a minimum growth.
this guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
this is a composed course, so make sure you attend.
this is a compulsory course, so make sure you attend.
this is an integrated course with several elements.
this is interesting in parliament.
this means we will have so many troubles on the lab.
this means we will have so many troubles on the lam.
this morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
this newspaper challenges the previously accepted theories.
this paper challenged the previously accepted theories.
this paper has the potential to transform life science.
this problem is complex and difficult to explain.
this project is divided into four main sections.
this schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
this slide shows that there has been a minimal growth.
this slide shows there is a minimum growth.
this software company designs and creates new products.
those events are not yet fully understood.
those lectures begin promptly, so do not be late
those seeking for formal extension should contact their faculty for information.
those students seeking formal extension should talk to their faculties for more information.
those who are considering a career of marketing should attend the talk.
those who seek for formal extension should contact their faculty for information.
those who seek for formal extension should contact their faculty for more information.
those who want to apply for an extension should contact their faculty.
thousands of people turned out ahead of the prestigious election.
thousands of people turned out to be at the presidential address.
three types of resources are enough for ...
time and distance are used to calculate speed.
time and space are used to calculate the distance.
time is needed to complete the lecture.
time was needed to process complex lectures.
time was needed to process complex topics of the lectures.
timetables about new term will be available next week.
to achieve full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
to gain full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
today we will look at how to display the data visually.
today's history lecture has been moved to lecture theater.
today's lecture material will be included in the next assessment.
today’s history lecture has been moved to the lecture theatre.
tomorrow's lecture will discuss educational policy in the united states.
too much information may be avoided by good research design.
tours operate all year around, but the busier season runs from may.
tours operate all year round, but the busier dry season runs from may.
traffic is the main cause for pollution in main cities.
traffic is the main cause for pollution in many cities.
traffic is the main cause of air pollution in many cities.
travelling by boat on the river is not possible in winter.
trees benefit the city by absorbing water run off road.
tribes vied with each other to build up monolithic statues.
tribes work with each other to build monolith statues.
tribes work with each other to build up a monolithic statue.
tribes worked with each other to build monolithic statues.
try to work with each other to build up a sense of cooperation and team spirit.
tutors should set a clear goal at the start of the class.
tutors should set goals at the start of the class.
undergraduate students can select what interests them most in the scientific program.
undergraduate students may participate in specific stages within the program.
undergraduate students may pursue their specific interests within specific programs.
undergraduates have a wide range of cultural modules to choose from.
undergraduates may need to pursue some specific interests within the specific program.
undergraduates may participate in specific stages within the program.
undergraduates may pursue a specific interest within certificate programs.
undergraduates may pursue their specific interests within certificate programs.
undergraduates need some specific sources to analyze a program.
undergraduates pursue their interests in special stages within the program.
understanding how to use the library will save you time.
understanding how to use the library will save your time.
understanding visual media has never been more challenging.
unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in years.
universities invest new technology designed for learning.
universities need to secure the grants for research subjects.
university departments carefully monitor articles and other publications by faculty.
university departments carefully monitored articles and other publications by faculty.
university departments should carefully monitor articles and publications by faculty.
university fees are expected to increase next year.
university graduates will work for a year in industries.
university student should purchase the graduation gown for the commencement.
unlike short sleep, overlong sleep increases the risk of illness.
unusual patterns are making farming more difficult.
unusual patterns make farming more difficult.
unusual weather patterns are making farming more difficult today.
upgrading manufacturing systems can increase efficiency.
urban planning emphasizes on efficiency and expansion of community.
urban planning emphasizes on expenses community.
urban planning emphasizes on the expansion of the community.
urbanization provides emphasis on the expense of other communities.
water is heated to boil and added to the mixture.
water is heated to boiling and added to the mixture.
water is heated to boiling in the flask and added to the mixture.
water is heated to something and added to the mixture
water taps on the campus will discourage the frequent use of plastic bottles.
we aim to develop a partnership with the government and financial institutions.
we aim to develop the partnership with the government and financial institutions.
we are able to accommodate more students than previously.
we are able to work in a team.
we are achieving common prosperity throughout the department.
we are continuing to provide learning resources.
we are continuing to provide postgraduate online learning resources.
we are dealing with the most challenges that we face today.
we are facing the discomfort on campus.
we are fixing up disposable cups on campus.
we are more able to accommodate postgraduate students than previously possible.
we are no longer responding to any material requests.
we are no longer responding to any reference requests.
we are on track for one billion tobacco related deaths this century.
we are phasing out the disposable cups on campus.
we are phasing out the disposal cups on campus.
we are researching on the most significant challenges we are facing today.
we are rethinking the solutions for the society.
we can all meet in the office after the lecture.
we can have a lecture on the morning of thursday.
we can meet in the office after the lecture.
we can work together to achieve the higher educational standards.
we can't consider any increase in our price at this stage.
we can't consider any increases in our prices at this stage.
we cannot consider an increase in price at this stage.
we cannot consider increasing the price at this stage.
we have a lecture in the morning of thursday.
we have a lecture in the morning on thursday.
we have not yet achieved equality in our society.
we have sufficient ways to study in brain action.
we help individuals to develop and follow their interest.
we help students to develop their individuals and follow their interest.
we hold the visiting hours throughout the year for students.
we hold visiting tours throughout the year for students.
we need to answer security questions if we want to reset the password.
we need to hand in the assignment by next week.
we need to hand in the essay by next week.
we no longer respond to any postal reference requests.
we prefer postgraduate students than previously possible.
we shall be studying economy of several developing countries.
we shall be studying the economy of several developing countries.
we should have a meeting to discuss and report.
we should never underestimate the power of creative
we should never underestimate the power of creative design.
we study science to understand and appreciate the world around us.
we support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forecasting.
we support to do research in the field of archaeology such as forecasting and estimation.
we were able to contact a number of research subjects.
we were able to contact a number of researchers.
we were able to contact the number of research subjects.
we will never learn that if life exists on other planets.
weather patterns have been changed significantly over the past two hundred years.
what surprised me is the number of students in this course.
when bad drove out good, the local workers were more difficult than their competitors.
when everyone commits to looking after their health, soft drinks will not be on the menu.
when launching a product, research and marketing are very vital.
when launching a product, researching and investing are very important.
when launching a product, researching and marketing are very vital.
when meeting high potential risks, companies will raise their price.
when met with high potential risks, companies will raise their prices.
when parents talk to children, the tense is simplified.
when sentencing, the court will depend on whether the criminal is guilty or not.
when sentencing, the courter will depend on if the criminal is guilty or not.
when the court announces the sentence, the judge will see if she is regretting.
when the court pronounces the sentence, the judge will see if she is regretting.
when the roots of a plant failed, foliage suffers.
when workers ask for an increase in wages, the company raises its prices.
when workers ask for higher wages, companies often raise their prices.
while concealing ideas is desirable, basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
while conceiving ideas is desirable, basic issues must first be addressed.
while reconciliation is desirable, basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
while reconciliation is desirable, the basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
while the information indicates something for consuming products
why has the project been held up for so long?
without doubt, this theory has a number of limitations.
writing an essay is easy once the research is finished.
years of training are required to become a medical specialist.
years of training is required to become of a medical specialist.
you are advised to revise the project.
you are required to complete the assignment by next monday
you are required to complete the research paper by monday.
you are required to complete the research paper by next monday.
you are required to submit your assignment by friday.
you are trained to be a special journalist.
you can ask your tutor for further assistance.
you can buy a ticket for the lecture from the school secretary.
you can contact all your tutors by email.
you can contact oil traders by email.
you can find a lot more information on university website.
you can find a lot more references information on the university website.
you can find a lot more references on university website.
you can get your coffee and tea in the lounge.
you can get your coffee and tea in the room.
you can have your laptop during the exam.
you can keep your bags in the backroom.
you can pay by cash or using a credit card.
you can request library books by using the electronic catalogue.
you can use a laptop during the lecture.
you cannot renew any overdue books in the science library.
you come with me and the others stay here.
you do not need to have specialist knowledge to enjoy this book.
you do not need to specialize to enjoy this book.
you don't need to have specialist knowledge to be able to read the book.
you don’t need to have specialist knowledge to be able to read the book.
you have the freedom to study what interests you most.
you have to learn how to use the library to save your time.
you have to send me your essay in two core and three optional modules.
you have to send me your essay in two courses and three modules.
you may need to purchase an academic gown before the commencement.
you must call your doctor to make an appointment.
you must figure out the mathematical problems and apply what you learned.
you must figure out the mathematical problems and apply what you've learned.
you must hand in your essays by midday on friday.
you must inform your advisor if you are absent from the class.
you must inform your professor if you are absent in your class.
you must set a security question when resetting your password.
you must sign for attendance in this class.
you must sign for attendance of this class.
you must submit your assignment by next friday at the latest.
you must submit your assignments by next friday at the latest.
you need to dress gorgeously to attend the ceremony.
you need to hand in an essay in the next semester.
you need to hand in the essay next semester.
you need to put these books on the table over there.
you need to save your files before turning off the computer.
you shall be studying economies of several developing countries.
you should allocate your time wisely when revising.
you should draw your graph on a separate page.
you should include these two pictures from the lecture in your assignment.
you should include these two pictures in your assignment.
you should inform your professor if you are absent from your classroom.
you should provide examples to support your ideas and arguments.
you should send me your essay before midnight tomorrow.
you should submit your essay by midnight tomorrow.
you should submit your essay next semester.
you should submit your team papers to the general office.
you were able to contact a number of research subjects.
you will acquire many skills during the academic studies.
you will acquire new skills during your academic studies.
you will be tested via continuous assessment and examinations.
you will be tested via quiz and dissertation.
you will need to purchase an academic gown before the commencement.
you will need to purchase an academic gown for commencement.
you will need to read chapter one before the management class.
you will portray your plan and sign off on your paper.
you will study two core and three optional modules.
you will study two courses and three modules.
you will take on your uniform on the first day.
you will take your uniform on the first day.
you wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
your agent will collect commission for each house they sell.
your application for a research grant has been received.
your application for research grant has been received.
your ideas are discussed depending on your seminar or tutorial.
your ideas are sophisticated in seminars and tutorials.
your lowest grade has been eliminated from the calculation.
your lowest quiz grade has been omitted from the calculations.
your statistical information depends on your raw data.
your summary should be as clear and concise as possible.
your summary should be as clear and precise as possible.
your task is to create demand for the product.
your thesis must have a fairly large scope.
your thesis should have a fairly limited scope.