Select question type:

Repeat Sentence
Repeat Sentence
I think it’s a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
A lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
If you need any information about the university, you can check the information office located beside the corridor.
Our university has strong partnerships with industry as well as collaborative relationships with government bodies.
I will start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
I’ll start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
The search for universal explanations plays an important role in the development of archaeological theory.
The technology they introduced meant that metal and leather goods were produced there for the first time.
Do analysts really think the producing energy is largely responsible for current environmental problems.
During the next few centuries, London became one of the most powerful and prosperous cities in Europe.
I look in my closet for something to wear, but I couldn't find anything appropriate for the occasion.
The residence hall is closed prior to the academic building closing time at the end of the semester.
You must read the supplementary materials as the professor has a habit of asking questions from it.
If she doesn’t speak the language, she’s not going to sit around a week waiting for a translator.
Unfortunately, their immune systems were not strong enough to fight off common earthly bacteria.
Student residential hall is very close to the academic building, which is in a walking distance.
The café will close soon but you can still access the snack machine which is running over night.
Only those who are over eighteen years of age are eligible to open a bank account in our bank.
An extra lecture is about to be scheduled at the end of this week to assist you with revision.
When the demand for the course rose, university authorities took on additional academic staff.
A demonstrated ability to write clear, correct and concise English is to write a bibliography.
The smart city is an idea that has captured the imagination of governments all over the world.
I just want to let you know that I think you’re the most beautiful woman that I’ve ever seen.
In the last few weeks, we’ve been looking at various aspects of the social history of London.
The office opens on Mondays and Thursdays directly following the freshman induction seminar.
The undergraduate students are teaching with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
When we are stressed, our skin releases a natural chemical, hormone, that repels mosquitoes.
There is a limited amount of departmental funding which is available for qualified students.
The undergraduates students are taught with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
Overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the daily life of the majority of the population.
The trial experiment is to increase the interests of the issue and the jurisdiction clause.
Studies suggest there may be a correlation between educational achievement and family size.
The initial results are intriguing; however, statistically speaking they are insignificant.
The trip for the professional training will start soon, so, pack the items before we leave.
Organic food is grown without applying chemicals and the possesses no artificial additives.
During an official ceremony, a memorandum of understanding was signed by the academic dean.
Almost every representative of a new idea has to struggle and suffer similar difficulties.
Establishing and retaining intellectual leadership clearly takes strong management skills.
Students with enquiries about this term’s time tables must speak to the tutor immediately.
The country suffered a series of invasions by tribes from present-day Germany and Denmark.
The interaction of climate change and soil degradation will probably aggravate conditions.
The cafe house is closed down but the snack machine will be running throughout the night.
You can find the students service desk located on the ground floor of the whole building.
Our school of Arts and Technology accepts applications at all points throughout the year.
There is absolutely no archaeological evidence to prove that Alexander the Great existed.
Economy of scale is the increase in efficiency that occurs when more goods are produced.
Our fundamental realities, especially national needs, have seen the ability to flourish.
It is argued that students can learn more in collaborative rather than individual study.
Please sort and order the slides of the presentation according to topic and speech time.
The Psychology department is looking for volunteers to be involved in research projects.
People with an active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have a major illness.
The website interface represents the stimulus that influence consumer’s decision making.
Expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates.in a job interview.
The chief industries are weaving, leather making, dying and working in iron and pottery.
We’ve decided to ask you to write four short pieces of written coursework this semester.
The hypothesis on the black hole is rendered moot as the explanation for the explosion.
The university  has a lot of travel scholarships available that students can apply for.
Critics want the government to take this one stage further and ban the film altogether.
It is argued that students can learn more in collaborative rather than individual task.
Higher numbers of patients were infected than during previous outbreaks of the illness.
I would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house.
Several copies must be supplied to the university department to fulfil the requirement.
The mismatch between the intended and reported uses of the instrument has become clear.
In consultation with your supervisor, your thesis is approved by the faculty committee.
We are also going to be more prescriptive about what you focus on in your presentation.
Anyone who has a problem with their accommodation should speak to the welfare officer.
We want to attract the very best students regardless of their financial circumstances.
A hundred years ago, Albert Einstein first published his theory of general relativity.
The current and conventional method has many disadvantages including the side effects.
Electric cars are the future of transportation as they promise a cleaner environment.
Please switch off all electronic devices when you are attending a conference session.
What is the most effective way of interaction between teachers and students in class?
Proteins constitute at least thirty percent of the total mass of all living organism.
Many undergraduate students go back home to stay with their parents after graduation.
Applications for the course preferably have a preference over English or Journalism
It is quite clear that the rising prosperity does not make people feel more content.
His objection to include scientific evidence has brought a lot of criticisms to him.
Students should take advantage of the online resources before attending the lecture.
Students are afraid of writing an essay, because they have learned nothing about it.
The university supplies a number of scholarships for those who have specific goals.
The cafeteria closes soon but the snack machine is accessible throughout the night.
Genetic and biochemical analyses have generated a detailed portfolio of mechanisms.
I look for the day when a billion planets are populated with a billion people each.
There will be a conference here next summer on using the web for academic research.
Unfortunately, the two most interesting economics selections clash on my timetable.
The research looked at neighbourhood cooperative schemes such as community gardens.
People with active lifestyles are less likely to die early or have major illnesses.
We’re constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
Applicants for the course probably have a preference over English or journalism .
Students are held accountable for adhering to the established community standards.
Meeting with mentors can be scheduled for students who require additional support.
Higher fees make students think more critically about what universities can offer.
All of our accommodations are within a walking distance to the academic buildings.
Many of his research objectives are driven by his natural curiosity and instincts.
Much of his research objectives are driven by his natural curiosity and instincts.
Opposition to the government tax policies are wide spread across business sectors.
The modern approach to the problem is to stress the symbolic side of human nature.
The development in information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
After she lost her job she couldn't afford to feed her dogs so she gave them away.
This module develops our understanding of the theory behind advertising campaigns.
Unlike the other store, where it can take up to 14 days, this will only be a week.
I think it’s really difficult for an Englishman to imitate a real American accent.
The quality of our accommodation is high, but it is still affordable for students.
All students on engineering courses spent one year working on the wall experience.
Everyone wanted to meet the artist and discussed the work they were interested in.
The study showed that people's mood could be affected by news and weather reports.
A study shows that the people's mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
Our capacity to respond to national needs will determine our ability to flourish.
Most animals have triangular vocal cords, but the lion's mighty pipes are square.
Biographical information should be removed before the publication of the results.
Our capacity to respond to national needs will determine our ability to flourish.
The library is located at the other side of the campus behind the student center.
Answering this complex question with a simple yes or no is absolutely impossible.
Higher fees cause the student to look more critically at what universities offer.
This science fiction novel uses inventions of better space to create the setting.
We divide our class into two groups. You come with me, the rest should stay here.
In this library, reserved collection books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
We would like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
By clicking this button, you agree with the terms and conditions of this website.
A lot of agricultural workers came to the east end to look for alternative work.
The health center is situated at the corner of the university behind the library
And in this regard, as well as in other regards this consideration is important.
I will now demonstrate how the reaction can be arrested by adding a dilute acid.
The facts you have gone out with such infinite trouble were in failure to pinch.
It is obligatory for companies to provide details of their industrial processes.
With the development of technology, something brings a lot of benefits to the US
In this library, reserve collection books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
The fertile plains in the east of the region provide excellent land for farming.
Once more under the pressure of economic necessity, practice outstripped theory.
Today, we will be discussing the role of the government in preventing injustice.
Few people now are skeptical about alternative power sources such as wind power.
Students will not be given credits for assignments submitted after the due date.
The leading scientists speculate that numerous planets could support life forms.
The study showed that people’s mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
If you want to receive the reimbursement, you must submit the original receipts.
The lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policies in the United States.
Fees, results, and schedules will be available online on the university website.
A key feature in drug development is examination of the pharmacological effects.
Any text or references you make should be cited appropriately in the footnotes.
The US ranks the twenty-second in foreign aid, given it as a percentage of GDP.
The negative discourse continues to be predominant in discussions about gender.
The generic biology technology lab is located in the North Wing of the library.
You should include your name and identification number in the application form.
Our class is divided into two groups; you come with me and the other stay here.
She sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
Biographical information should be removed prior to the publication of results.
What distinguishes him from others is that he used black and white photography.
Organic food is growing without applying chemicals and no artificial additives.
The course comprises twenty hours of lectures, seminars and tutorials per week.
The recent technical advances have not only been big, they have also been fast.
One of the hardest things about starting university is finding your way around.
You need to finish the reporting of the chapter before going to the field trip.
This year we are applying to use a different type of assessment on this module.
Tuesday's lecture on social psychology will now take place in the central hall.
You need to finish the reporting of the chapter before going on the field trip.
You can have student discount in many campus stores including the coffee house.
Nearly half of the television outputs are given away for educational programs.
Detailed analysis of population growth has revealed some alarming predictions.
A demonstrated ability to write clear, correct and concise English is bigotry.
International students can get help with locating housing near the university.
On behalf of our department, I would like to thank you for your participation.
The sports team members often practice on weekdays and play games on weekends.
Very little of the work of today’s knowledge firm is repetitive or mechanical.
Many students are so scared of writing essays, because they never learned how.
He was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture together.
Novelists have a major role to play in inflecting their time to their readers.
There are varying plagiarism policies across different university departments.
The well-known economist was supposed to reread the subscription before eight.
The books are filled with drawings of machines invented when he was a student.
We provide a wide range of courses to undergraduate and postgraduate students.
The student welfare officer can help you with questions about exam techniques.
Research has found that there is no correlation between diet and intelligence.
In our campus, prospective students have access to thirteen college libraries.
After I graduated from college, I spent two years traveling around the world.
The Australian economy depends heavily on revenue from tourism and education.
Knives and forks should be placed next to the spoon on the edge of the table.
In English, the first letter of the months of the year is always capitalized.
In the past, students were required to complete two long written assignments.
The competency in the language in the assignment is to use more formal words.
Students are so scared of writing essays because they have never learned how.
The clear evidence between brain events and behavioral events is fascinating.
Since the problems we face are global, we need to find the relative solutions
Students are instructed to hand in their assignments by the end of this week.
Environmental friendliness is a new category in which campuses are competing.
Various measures were proposed which would not have aggravated the situation.
Make sure the Financial Director knows the full details of the Pay Agreement.
Assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
There will be a guest lecturer visiting the psychology department next month.
The puppets do comedy routines and there is some terrific formation dancing.
I will check again but I am pretty sure we are supposed to read chapter two.
It is important to validate all assumptions before arriving at a conclusion.
Meeting with tutors could be arranged for students who need additional help.
The student service center is located on the main campus behind the library.
I've got a tutorial in an hour and I haven't had any time to prepare for it.
One of the salients of academic writing is the tendency to use formal words.
Is hypothesis on black hole as rendered moot as explanation of explanations?
It is interesting to observe the development of language skills of toddlers.
Students should book a library tour on the first week of the first semester.
I don't agree with the author's point of view, but his presentation is good.
The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy.
No crop responds more readily to care for husbandry and skilful cultivation.
I think we can all agree that being fluent in two languages is a good thing.
The gap between the rich and the poor was not decreased rapidly as expected.
My siblings and I were waiting for my mother to come back from the hospital.
You are not allowed to submit your assignments after the due date next week.
Read the fitness center instructions before attempting to use the equipment.
Being a student representative on the union really cuts into my study time.
Newspapers across the country have been reporting stories of the president.
During that period heavy industry grew rapidly in the north of the country.
Even with the permit, finding a parking spot on campus is still impossible.
I think we should get together over the weekend to discuss this assignment.
Care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups during the periods of turmoil.
It’s the words of common occurrence that have different referential values.
I would like a cheese and tomato sandwich on white bread with orange juice.
It is clear that little accurate documentation is in support of this claim.
The quality of life is an important measure on which the cities are ranked.
The date of the invention of the first clock was disputed among historians.
Our university accommodation has a volleyball team for students to join in.
I am wondering if cell phones are actually just as dangerous as cigarettes.
Please have copies of your seminar papers in the library a week in advance.
Please note the college laboratories will be closed for cleaning next week.
The celebrated professor contributed several innovative ideas to the field.
The financial report for the last quarter will be available this afternoon.
Politicians can make better decisions if they listen to the public opinion.
The University is dedicated to providing quality education to all students.
We like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
I am pleased to report that many topics have been involved in this lecture.
The test selected materials from all chapters in this course this semester.
If you are unable to complete the task in time, please notify me by email.
There is a plan in place for those who have difficulty paying their bills.
The first few sentences of an essay should capture the readers’ attention.
I would like tomato and cheese sandwiches on white bread and orange juice.
There will be ample opportunities to ask questions about the presentation.
You can change your courses on the website during the registration period.
There is limited funding in this department to support qualified students.
The results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detection.
You should include your name and identity number in the registration form.
The library offers group study rooms, so you can work with other students.
Doctor Green's office has been moved to the second floor of the building.
Students who wish to apply for an extension should approach their tutors.
Globalization has been an overwhelming urban and urbanization phenomenon.
The portfolio is due to the internal review office no later than Tuesday.
Try to explain how your ideas are linked so that there is a logical flow.
As a student union member, we can influence the change of the university.
The aesthetic implications of the study have not yet been fully explored.
How much time did you spend on doing research before you started writing?
The university is working towards being more environmentally sustainable.
Remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the lecture hall.
Companies need to satisfy customers' needs if they want to be successful.
The research paper should begin with a thorough review of the literature.
The current statistical evidence indicates the need of further research.
This is how we deliver health care to millions of people over the world.
Before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
It is of interest to most students to take experiential learning course.
The number of students registering for post graduate research has risen.
It is important to take gender into account when discussing the figures.
Don’t forget to take the library tour in the first week of the semester.
Basketball was created in 1891 by a physician and a physical instructor.
Please register your student email account at your earliest convenience.
Internet provides unusual opportunities for students and current events.
The campus tour will help you get familiar with the teaching facilities.
The inherent tension between these two features remains to be addressed.
It is necessary to solve the equation to determine the unknown variable.
The politics combine both the legislative and the political authorities.
You don't have to be on Professor Smith's course to attend this lecture.
The contest includes both the land living history and the human history.
It is good for the environment, and also good for your electricity bill.
The hardness of the butter is proportional to the softness of the bread.
Hypothetically, insufficient mastery in the areas slows future progress.
Tomorrow's lunch time seminar on nuclear engineering has been postponed.
Before choosing your university course, you should consider your career.
Physiology is the study of internal and external structure of the body.
Glass is not a real solid, because it doesn’t have a crystal structure.
Fees are heavily discounted, and bursaries are available for delegates.
The real reason for global hunger is not the lack of food, but poverty.
Our professor is hosting the business development conference next week.
Your enrollment information, results and fees will be available online.
Next time, we will discuss the influence of the media on public policy.
This process has enabled the rational identification of core machinery.
The new hypothesis needs to be tested with a new controlled experiment.
Care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups in the times of infection.
The tutor is there to help, so do ask if you don’t understand anything.
Financial support can be offered to help pay your fees and other costs.
All essays and seminar papers submitted must be emailed to your tutor.
The geographic assignment should be submitted by the midday of Friday.
This small Indian state is a land of forest valleys and snowy islands.
Dr. Green’s office has been moved to the second floor of the building.
Before reading Chapter One, you must refer to the lecture notes first.
Information is being given to readers in a format that looks familiar.
We didn’t have any noticeable variance between the two or three tasks.
We will see if we can get through this without too many interruptions.
Half of the marks in mathematics are allocated to the correct working.
Back in the 1940s and 1950s people were smoking cigarettes frequently.
We are not going to accept the assignment after the due day on Friday.
You will find the economic section on the second floor of the library.
Your enrolment information, results and fees will be available online.
The topic for discussion is usually related to the topic for a speech.
It's important that humans dispose of their waste in appropriate ways.
During the second term, you are supposed to submit one essay per week.
You can find the student service centre on level one of Home Building.
There are lots of people competing for the places in computer courses.
I think of those leaders who inspire us to go beyond the call of duty.
Native discourse continues to be predominate in discussion of gender.
Conferences are always scheduled on the third Wednesday of the month.
The  number of companies bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
Factors such as cost and function influence the design of the bridge.
In Europe, the political pressure is similar regarding globalization.
He was not the only one to call for legal reform in the 16th century.
Many privately owned firms have been eaten up by larger corporations.
I know how to solve the problem, but I've been asked not to tell you.
In my free time, I would like to read current affairs and newspapers.
Journalism is the collection and publication or transmission of news.
Please pass the handouts along to the rest of the people in your row.
If your parents come to visit you this semester where will they stay?
Students need to finish their assignments during the next four weeks.
This is the third time you've asked for an extension on this project.
The university will introduce several new courses in the coming year.
They say Professor James's lectures are always interesting and funny.
Arts are always connected with political events and ideas of society.
There is a position available for a Junior Lecturer in Media Studies.
There is a position available for assistant lecturer for mathematics.
A study skill seminar is on for the students who require assistance.
Acupuncture is a technique involved in traditional Chinese medicine.
Costs can be calculated once the critical path has been established.
There is varying plagiarism across different university departments.
I thought the mid-term exam was only worth half of our course grade.
Don’t forget to do a campus tour on the first week of your semester.
The timetable will be posted on the website before the class starts.
Does the college refectory offer vegetarian dishes on a daily basis?
Many health workers think that pensioners are too old to understand.
Sport is the cause of traumatic brain injuries in the United States.
Newspapers are supported primarily by the sale of advertising space.
The agricultural sector in that country has been heavily subsidized.
Of all the heating and cooling options, central heating is the best.
Put the knife and fork next to the spoon near the edge of the table.
The study of archaeology requires intensive international fieldwork.
Those students have to retake the module if their marks are too low.
Spiritualism is defined as a system of belief or religious practice.
The student welfare officer can help students with different issues.
The books reserved in the library can be borrowed for up to 3 hours.
The gap between rich and poor is not decreasing rapidly as expected.
I expect a long and stagnant debate for a week or two on this issue.
Anxiety decreases rapidly when a person has more optimism and faith.
The library will be closed for 3 days over the bank holiday weekend.
The School of Arts and Design has an open day on Thursday next week.
Tutorials are held for two hours every Thursday during the semester.
In our university, students have the access to 13 college libraries.
The problem with this is that it fails to answer the basic question.
The new timetable will be posted on the website before class starts.
There will be a significant rise in tuition fees starting next year.
Proficiency in a foreign language may be demonstrated by assessment.
If you forget your passport, you need to contact the student center.
Many medical volunteers no longer have access to medical literature.
A preliminary bibliography is due the week before the spring break.
Please read the first five chapters before the next week’s tutorial
Ideally, free trade is beneficial for trading to both two partners.
When I was in school, I had many of the same problems you have now.
Environmentalism is a category in which universities are competing.
Lecture theater is located on the ground floor of the Pack building
If you want to sell your book, it must have a list of bibliography.
A renowned economist is selected to have a speech tonight at eight.
We are so dependent on the computer that we cannot live without it.
Companies are offering us all kinds of internet connected services.
The final year will consist of four taught courses and one project.
Lots of students had money and passport stolen especially at night.
Did you know that to become more fluent, you need lots of practice?
Reserved collection of books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
Sydney is Australia’s largest city, chief port and cultural center.
Quantitative and temporal parameters of food consumption were used.
The conference is predicted to draw greater numbers than last year.
The medical centre is located near the supermarket on North Street.
The Drama Society is now auditioning for parts in the student play.
The medical center is located near the supermarket on North Street.
The city needs improved infrastructure to attract more investments.
The smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution.
The college welcomes postgraduate students from all over the world.
The majority of the hardware we are using was built for a customer.
There is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment
Some methods for clinical applications have been presented as well.
Allergy problems do run in the family but we don't understand why.
Farmers do not always receive market price for agricultural goods.
Government policies though tough have been a blessing in disguise.
If you forgot your student number, you should contact Jenny Brice.
My tutorial class will begin at the next Monday’s morning session.
The lecture management in Japan will take place in the week seven.
The author is currently the Professor at the Cambridge University.
Of course, you can also choose to have your grades emailed to you.
Parents should provide guidance and examples to children's values.
The original Olympic Games were celebrated as religious festivals.
The most modern agricultural equipment is now extremely expensive.
The topic next week on our column will be the nuclear disarmament.
Much of the evidence been used has only recently become available.
There will be a guest lecturer visiting the department next month.
To receive the reimbursement, you must keep the original receipts.
Traffic is very bad in the evening, therefore we must leave early.
The burning of fossil fuels leads to pollution and global warming.
The book is informative but it could be accused of political bias.
The student housing is of very high quality, but still affordable.
Don’t forget to hand in your assignments by the end of next week.
A thorough bibliography is needed at the end of every assignment.
All students are encouraged to vote in the forthcoming elections.
The rules on breaks and lunch hours vary from company to the next
I spoke to him in English, but I couldn’t make myself understood.
The verdict depends on which side is more convincing to the jury.
Would you prepare some PowerPoint slides with appropriate graphs?
Rules for breaks and lunch time vary from one country to another.
Modern poetry often tests the conventions of language and rhythm.
Successful applicants will work with a large team of researchers.
Parental expectations are a major cause of stress among students.
Student discount cards can be used in the coffee house on campus.
The context includes both the land history and the human history.
Unlike applied arts, fine arts do not serve a practical function.
You are not permitted to take reference books out of the library.
May the love of those around you help you through the days ahead?
Does the government in your country help families that need help?
It is utmost important that you don't rely on translation online.
We need to make sure the school principal know about the changes.
We offer a broad range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses.
Students who selected two to three courses may need an extension.
This essay examined the use of computer in the science classroom.
I look forward to meeting you and helping you realize your goals.
All the assignments should be submitted by the end of this week.
All filed assignments should have a full list of bibliographies.
Exam results will be available next week from the course office.
The brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
Please prepare a PowerPoint presentation for tomorrow's meeting.
In 1880, cycling became a major phenomenon in the United States.
I don’t think they support that version of the program any more.
The brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
The lecture on child psychology has been postponed until Friday.
The lecture will deal with the influence of technology on music.
You're the best advertising executive this company has ever had.
Students are not allowed to take the journal out of the library.
The English word Typhoon comes from the Chinese word ‘big wind’.
There is little evidence available to contradict his viewpoints.
The small Indian island is made up of forests and snowy valleys.
Facebook is one of the most popular websites in the world today.
The television output is giving evident educational programming.
You will be less stressed if you are well prepared for the exam.
Hemoglobin carries oxygen from lungs to other parts of the body.
The largest department in this university is history department.
Humans have the ability to mentally say over 700 words a minute.
All students and staff have the access to printers and laptops.
39.5% of Californian residents don’t speak English in the home.
The bus in front of the building will takes you to bus station.
This course will examine some of the profound ethical dilemmas.
Arteries carry blood from heart to the other parts of the body.
Many of the urban poor lived in an extremely cramped condition.
The bookstore is located on the main campus behind the library.
On this project, you will be asked to work as a group of three.
Smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution.
The author expressed an idea that modern readers cannot accept.
We didn't mean to ask him to do it because he cannot manage it.
I can’t attend the lecture because I have a doctor appointment.
The pollution level in New Delhi has reached an alarming level.
The flexibility is the key factor in this course this semester.
Students are competing for every place in the computer courses.
The program will be shown on the television during the weekend.
I didn’t understand the author’s point of view on immigration.
Students' assignments should be submitted before the deadline.
I didn’t understand the author’s point of view on immigration.
The fire left the area almost completely devoid of vegetation.
Most teaching staff make their lecture notes available online.
Scientists are getting closer to the answers of this question.
Staying near the place of work saves precious hours every day.
We are delighted to have Professor Robert to join our faculty.
Vessels carry blood from the heart to other parts of the body.
In the 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in America.
More females than males graduated from universities last year.
To improve the essay, I decided to include more direct quotes.
Visual aids can make presentations clear and more interesting.
You must complete this chapter before going to the field trip.
The application form must be submitted before the end of term.
You can download all lecture handouts from the course website.
All source of materials must be included in your bibliography.
The United States has become a coffee culture in recent years.
Storytelling is a common teaching technique in many countries.
You can find a lot more information on the university website.
Our young people need education and more organized activities.
If you like to take notes, you can but there will be handouts.
The aim of the work, presented could be formulated as follows.
This semester we plan to specialize in educational psychology.
I will be in my office every day from 11 o’clock to 2 o’clock.
Apple is expected to announce several new products this fall.
Could you pass the material to students that are in your row?
Most university teaching take place in lectures and seminars.
Doing this research makes me think of the purpose of science.
I found a large rock and I broke through the basement window.
We will study the following two pictures in the next lecture.
It's just a feeling having tried something new and succeeded.
If you are working after 11 O'clock, who will drive you home?
The visiting professor is going to give a lecture on geology.
The older equipment has been put at the back of the building.
Please finish all the reading chapters before the field trip.
The key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
Students are not allowed to take journals out of the library.
The recent study has thrown out the validity of the argument.
When we think about communication we think about interaction.
This  work will be the starting point of my discussion today.
The grade will be deducted for submitting after the due date.
The course registration is open early March for new students.
Mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election.
Please carefully study the framework and complete the survey.
A science-based approach is vital for effective advancements.
Our tutorial will take place on the second floor in room one.
A full bibliography is needed at the end of all assignments.
All postgraduate students should participate in the seminar.
Children are not allowed to be in the laboratory at any time
It’s time to finalize the work before the Wednesday seminar.
The key to success in the exam is to study hard and do well.
Many of the university’s original buildings are still in use
Most of the assignments should be submitted on the same day.
Most students in last year’s course did well in this module.
The bookshop is located at the north end of the main campus.
She doesn't care about anything but what is honest and true.
Essays with few or no citations will be regarded as invalid.
Alex captured her hands and forced her to drop the potatoes.
The economic class will take place in the main lecture room.
The timetable for the next term will be available next week.
The opposition has so far been unresponsive to our proposal.
All students and staff have access to printers and scanners.
Please make sure all works follow the department guidelines.
Chapter one provides the historical background to the topic.
You must take 3 core and 2 elective courses in the semester.
The results will be available in the main course and online.
The Romans left in 410, at the beginning of the 5th century.
The two variables in the study were very closely correlated.
This article covers the who, where and when of the conflict.
All applications of internship are available in the office.
It isn't easy when it comes to the definition of this word.
Anonymous behaviors can be identified without intervention.
Student loans are now available for international students.
Some young people seem to be addicted to their cell phones.
Note-taking methods work great both on paper and digitally.
The books in the library can be borrowed for up to 3 hours.
The original Olympic game is one kind of original festival.
You need to give a better example to support your argument.
Newspapers across the world reported stories of presidents.
The coffee is free for the university students on weekdays.
Those reference books are too old, while the others are OK. 
The professor has promised to put his lecture notes online.
There are no scheduled classes during the final exam weeks.
This part of the session is not supported by documentation.
To understand its entity, we need to go back to its origin.
Folk tales are passed orally from generation to generation.
University students pay a lot of money for their education.
It's time to finalize the work before Wednesday’s seminar.
Interpreters are not readily available in this department.
If you want to quit the student union, tell the registrar.
Mary has nobody to talk with, but she doesn’t feel lonely.
Students must observe lab safety regulations at all times.
The United States has the maximum production of chocolate.
If you need help, I can give you a hand in finding a flat.
Some details underlying the issue must be addressed first.
The latest version of the operating system has many flaws.
The chemistry exam results would be posted on the website.
The university has a world renowned school of archaeology.
The way of looking at something depends on your situation.
Three of the students were confused by the key hypothesis.
We need to hand in our assignments by the end of the week.
It provides an opportunity to work with other disciplines.
The investigation aims to establish stains of the problem.
Anatomy is the study of internal and external structures.
Distance learning has become far more popular these days.
Globalization problems need to find globalized solutions.
However, this method is problematic in terms of accuracy.
In spite the cold temperature, the sky is clear and blue.
To contact the education executive, you need to call 401.
The professor will talk about the summary in the lecture.
In marketing, short-term thinking leads to many problems.
New timetables will be posted on the student noticeboard.
Most students are not eligible to claim housing benefits.
Student services provide help with housing and transport.
The course examines one of the profound ethical dilemmas.
The law library is closed on Sundays and public holidays.
A verdict is needed for the jurisdiction of the district.
There are a range of housing options near the university.
.It’s within that framework that we’re making our survey.
Please be careful when using online translation programs.
The nearest automatic teller is in front of Anatomy labs.
The content of the book on the cover must be in capitals.
We are warning the clients that the rates are increasing.
The professor plans to discuss these issues this evening.
There are hundreds of clubs and societies to choose from.
Contemporary commentators dismiss his idea as eccentric.
Essays should be typed with double space on white paper.
You need to read the chapter before the management class
It is important that you work as a team on this project.
I must see him before he flies out to London for a week.
Good research presents many benefits to the real people.
Moving up the class ladder also brings unexpected costs.
The arts magazine is looking for a new assistant editor.
Being a vegan means not consuming any other animal meat.
We would like a first draft of the assignment by Monday.
The chief executive reads several new books every month.
There's an hourly bus service from the campus into town.
We developed a method for evaluation of dynamic changes.
We don't accept assignments submitted after the due day.
A verdict is required for the jurisdiction in the court.
His academic supervisor called in to see him last night.
A periodical is a publication that is issued regularly.
It’s within the framework that we’re making our survey.
History is not a simple collection of dates and events.
I was overwhelmed with too much irrelevant information.
I think it's one of the best things I have done really.
I'm afraid Professor Jones doesn't suffer fools gladly.
The speaker mentioned two things that affect happiness.
Please explain what the author means by sustainability.
I used to have a cup of coffee with milk and one sugar.
She is an expert of the 18th century French literature.
The new English classes will start next Monday morning.
It is good for the environment also good for your bill.
She glanced nervously around the brush and back at him.
There has been a rapid growth in the commercial market.
He told me it was the most important assignment of all.
We are required to submit the assignment before Friday.
I don’t understand what the comment of my essay means.
I don't like the cheese tomato sandwich on white bread
I missed yesterday’s lecture. Can I borrow your notes?
Meteorology is a detailed study of earth’s atmosphere.
Here is only one example but there are lots of others.
Many of the most popular courses are available online.
You should raise your concern with the head of school.
In the dark, before the dawn, the plane was assembled.
It was acknowledged that his work was ground breaking.
Students can get access to computers on a daily basis.
Please go straight and turn left to reach the library.
The college welcomes students from all over the world.
The pharmacy was closed when I went past this morning.
85 percent of people say they fear speaking in public.
To measure distance could take as much as three weeks.
The chief economist has radical ideas for the economy.
For writing bibliography you need to use Italic fonts.
The university celebrated earth day by planting trees.
The college welcomes students from all over the world.
Don’t hesitate to email me if you have any questions.
Students can download the materials from the website.
He looks as if he buys all his clothes from goodwill.
It’s confidence and it's an optimism that I now have.
The information on the internet become more reliable.
Number the beakers and put them away before tomorrow.
That country’s economy is primarily based on tourism.
The result of the study will be published next month.
The minimal mark for Distinction is no less than 75%.
Cellular engineering strategies are highly desirable.
The new English class will start next Monday morning.
Words can’t express how sad we are to hear your loss.
In market, short time thought often lead to disaster.
Without doubt his primary motive was economic growth.
There is considerably less supervision at university.
As for me, it is a strategy to go to judicial review.
I'm sorry but I have a previous appointment tomorrow.
The chemistry building is still open during vacation.
I could not save my work as my computer was crashed.
I will be in my office every day from ten to twelve.
Number the bricks and put them away before tomorrow.
More muscles are used in swimming than other sports.
Loans are only available for international students.
Many species have yet to be described by biologists.
She used to be everywhere, but today she is missing.
Generally, students have unusual problems in school.
The circulation desk is located on the ground floor.
The development was mainly included in chapter nine.
Today, we will discuss the sonnet and course papers.
My tutorial class will begin on next Monday morning.
The first person in space was from the Soviet Union.
The professor will be the last speaker this evening.
Participants were not performing an actual purchase.
The seminar will be on the next week of the quarter.
You must establish a day and a time with your tutor.
There will be an open book exam on Monday, the 28th.
You need to be careful when quoting Internet source.
You can retake the module if your marks are too low.
The purpose is to build new houses for local people.
My biggest concern for the future is climate change.
All the necessary information is in the assignment.
Critical literature theory broadens interpretation.
Computer software has changed a lot since last year
No more than four people can be in the lab at once.
He started his tutorial presentation right on time.
Physics is a detailed subject of matter and energy.
39.5% of Californians didn’t speak English at home.
I've always been interested in biology and physics.
Our log books make up five per cent of total marks.
I would never feed my dog with commercial dog food.
There will be no extensions given for this project.
He started his tutorial presentation right on time.
My satisfaction was complete when she looked at me.
Would you pass the material text book on the table?
The lecture on geology is postponed to another day.
It's important to keep this medicine in the fridge.
The meeting will take place in the main auditorium.
I always have one milk in my coffee in the morning.
It is acknowledged that his work is groundbreaking.
The buildings looked lovely in the bright sunshine.
All the assignments are based on class discussion.
The translator is not available in our department.
Professor Gordon just called me a few minutes ago.
Conservation is the survival of future generation.
Most of these criticisms can be shown to be false.
Students must hand in their assignments by Friday.
Please come to the next seminar properly prepared.
The office said Dr. Smith will arrive later today.
The theoretical proposal was challenging to grasp.
I even know our baby's name when she looked at me.
We don't have enough evidence to draw conclusions.
She doesn't pay much attention to how she dresses.
It is easy to provide the definition of the world.
The seminar will now take place a week on Tuesday.
There is plenty of cheap accommodation off-campus.
This material is good for the next week's seminar.
Most of the strategies are in a preclinical state.
Eating too much can lead to many health problems.
Most printers in the computer lab are out of ink.
New York City is famous for its ethnic diversity.
Professor Smith will be late for today's lecture.
The seminar on writing skills has been cancelled.
.She is going to do master degree by mathematics.
The vocabulary with particular meaning is jargon.
Would you pass me the book on the left-hand side?
This is a prestigious program for our university.
There are no places left in the morning tutorial.
They were struggling to pay their fees last year.
This part of the story is the story of my father.
Theories are based on the practical as discussed.
We need to approach communication in an open way.
I could not save my work as my computer crashed.
Every year, students pass biology course easily.
Please write your name on the essay cover sheet.
The wheelchair lift will be upgraded this month.
Animals grow larger and stronger to hunt better.
For human beings, breathing is a symbol of life.
The program depends entirely on private funding.
The application process is longer than expected.
I didn't mean to eavesdrop on your conversation.
Would you please put the materials on the table?
The part of the story is the story of my father.
If you have problems, please contact your tutor.
All necessary information is in the assignment.
The elephant is the largest land living mammal.
Books which are overdue will incur daily fines.
The elephant is the largest mammal on the land.
I think the University’s main campus is closed.
Just wait a minute. I will be with you shortly.
My laptop has crashed and cannot save any file.
The application form is available in the office
Will those happy days ever be forgotten by you?
The program depend entirely on private funding.
Meteorology is a subject of Earth’s atmosphere.
We must not be discouraged by setbacks in life.
Diagnosis is not a discrete or limited process.
There is no entrance fee for tonight’s lecture.
You need to write a proposal for your research.
His tone tonight was nothing short of jealousy.
Students can put their lectures on the website.
The new professor used to work in a world bank.
All students must participate in the exercise.
Being a vegan means not eating any other meat.
All old university buildings are still in use.
I used to have coffee with milk and one sugar.
I need more quotations to back up my argument.
Make sure you correctly cite all your sources.
Please hand in assignments at the main office.
Children can share their lunch at around noon.
The maximum production of chocolate is in U.S.
Children are not allowed in the chemical labs.
The library is closed for Monday and Thursday.
America is related to the chocolate industry.
Basketball was created in 1891 by a physician
Does the professor keep regular office hours?
All old university buildings are still in use
I’m sorry for being late for today’s lecture.
You will be informed of the results by email.
Maybe it is time for me to make some changes.
She was always here, but today she is missed.
The new drug will be tested in North America.
It seems that language appeared from nowhere.
The next semester has many demanding courses.
Traffic snarled up on both sides of the road.
We don't teach in the same way as we used to.
There is a pharmacy on campus near the store.
I spent my time really studying human beings.
Does the university have an ice hockey team?
Humans need to use energy in order to exist.
You should enquire about the Direct Deposit.
His lecture is always useful and stimulated.
Columbia is a world leading coffee exporter.
Eating too much will do harm to your health.
Fishing is a sport and a means for survival.
You can get a student card at the reception.
You can get a student card at the reception.
But they haven't come to widespread use yet.
She has been in the library for a long time.
Please do not bring food into the classroom.
Tom suggested another plan to the Committee.
People tend to be least happy in middle age.
In the past, people ate very different food.
Every living thing begins as a single cell.
Companies exist for money, not for society.
Robert would live in rural areas in London.
Her father prevented me from talking to her
The car he was riding crashed into a train.
I still don't understand the last sentence.
We must put great care when analyzing data.
She told the faculty to be very supportive.
All course materials will be posted online.
Junk food’s popularity relies on marketing.
The office opens on Wednesday and Thursday.
I had a sandwich and milk for my breakfast.
She feared becoming an object of ridicule.
I believe children should read aloud more.
She feared becoming an object of ridicule.
They have enough works to keep them going.
We would like a videotape for the lecture.
Company exists for money, not for society.
You can contact all your tutors by E-mail.
The office opens on Mondays and Thursdays.
Junk food's popularity relies on marketing
If you need help, maybe I can give a hand.
Your watch is fast, you need to reset it.
You can have your laptop during the exam.
Tom doesn't watch TV except on Saturdays.
The tutorial is held on the 8th of April.
A computer virus destroyed all my files.
The country has been heavily subsidized.
John went rushing off down the corridor.
There won't any space for me in the car.
Would you like to videotape our lecture?
Fish is for sport, meat is for surviving
Vocabulary in a special field is jargon.
If you have a question, ask me by email.
You can pay using cash or a credit card.
I’m quite aware of my own inadequacies.
This lecture was meant to start at ten.
Adults need to have more sleeping time.
Students can share their foods at noon.
I'm glad you arrived here with safety.
This lecture was meant to start at 10.
Talented people do special marketing.
The thought’s never crossed my mind.
Label the beakers and put them away.
He kept giving me suggestive looks.
She ate a sandwich and drank juice.
All old buildings are still in use
The hypothesis needs to be tested.
He is almost never in his office.
The doctor was not here today.
I’m glad you got here safely.
I'm glad that you've got it.