39.5% of californian residents don’t speak english in the home.
39.5% of californians didn’t speak english at home.
85 percent of people say they fear speaking in public.
a balanced diet and regular exercise are necessary for good health.
a bar chart can provide useful information in data comparison.
a celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
a computer virus destroyed all my files.
a demonstrated ability to write clear, correct and concise english is bigotry.
a demonstrated ability to write clear, correct and concise english is to write a bibliography.
a full bibliography is needed at the end of all assignments.
a good academic paper should be clear.
a good architecture one structure should be useful durable and beautiful.
a good assistance is not afraid to ask questions.
a good research assistant is not afraid to be asked questions.
a good structure shows the key points or paper
a good way to improve vocabulary is repetition.
a group of meeting will be held tomorrow in the library conference room.
a hundred years ago, albert einstein first published his theory of general relativity.
a key feature in drug development is examination of the pharmacological effects.
a lack of sleep can increase the chance of some illnesses.
a laptop has been found at the biology lab.
a lot of agricultural workers came to the east end to look for alternative work.
a lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
a massive accumulation of data was converted into a communicable argument
a national collection center is currently being built.
a new collection of articles has just been published.
a number of academics and journalists will gather in the conference.
a number of students have volunteer jobs.
a party is thrown in the small meeting room.
a periodical is a publication that is issued regularly.
a person's educational level is closely related to their economic background.
a preliminary bibliography is due the week before the spring break.
a recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
a regional assembly was moved to the devolution of power.
a renowned economist is selected to have a speech tonight at eight.
a rising population means more trees are cut down.
a scholarship is available for both local and international students.
a science-based approach is vital for effective advancements.
a series of lectures showed economics have been recorded.
a series of lectures showed us in economics have been recorded.
a series of the observations were carried out in the classroom.
a study shows that the people's mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
a study skill seminar is on for the students who require assistance.
a surprisingly large number of students applied for that course.
a thorough bibliography is needed at the end of every assignment.
a typical study involves society and science.
a verdict is needed for the jurisdiction of the district.
a verdict is required for the jurisdiction in the court.
a very basic feature of computing is counting and calculating
a very basic function of computing is counting and calculating.
a visit to design museum will be great valued
a world-renowned expert of financial management will give a guest lecture.
academic development needs to be supported by governments.
academic journals are often edited by subject specialists.
academic libraries across the world are steadily incorporating social media.
academic problems cause a rise in employment.
accommodations on campus are limited but there are more options nearby.
according to the law of the gravity, all objects attract to each other
accounting students should have a good understanding of profit and loss statements.
acupuncture is a technique involved in traditional chinese medicine.
adults need to have more sleeping time.
advanced technology will create growth in the economy.
affordable housing is an important issue for all members of society.
after i graduated from college, i spent two years traveling around the world.
after she lost her job she couldn't afford to feed her dogs so she gave them away.
agenda items should be submitted by the end of the day.
agricultural development is vital for poor rural areas.
air pollution is a serious problem all over the world.
alex captured her hands and forced her to drop the potatoes.
all answers must be examined and supported by relevant theory.
all applications of internship are available in the office.
all course materials will be posted online.
all dissertations must be accompanied with a submission form.
all educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
all essays and seminar papers submitted must be emailed to your tutor.
all filed assignments should have a full list of bibliographies.
all industries can be thought of as a system of input, process, output, and feedback.
all industries consist of input, process, output and feedback.
all industries consist of systems as inputs, processes, outputs, and feedback.
all lectures and learning materials can be found on the internet.
all medical students must clean their hands before entering the room.
all medical students should attend the talk about optional courses.
all mobile devices need to be switched off during the examination.
all necessary information is in the assignment.
all of our accommodations are within a walking distance to the academic buildings.
all of the assignments should be submitted in person to the faculty office.
all of your assignment should be submitted by next tuesday.
all of your assignments should be due by tomorrow.
all of your assignments should be submitted by next tuesday.
all old buildings are still in use
all old university buildings are still in use
all old university buildings are still in use.
all postgraduate students should participate in the seminar.
all source of materials must be included in your bibliography.
all staff must leave from the fire hydrant exit.
all students and staff have access to printers and scanners.
all students and staff have the access to printers and laptops.
all students are encouraged to vote in the forthcoming elections.
all students are expected to attend ten lab sessions per semester.
all students have their own styles of learning.
all students must participate in the exercise.
all students need to attend no less than ten labs per semester.
all students on engineering courses spent one year working on the wall experience.
all the assignments are based on class discussion.
all the assignments should be submitted by the end of this week.
all the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
all the equipment must be returned to laboratory by wednesday.
all the necessary information is in the assignment.
all writers are consciously or unconsciously representing their own culture.
allergy problems do run in the family but we don't understand why.
almost every representative of a new idea has to struggle and suffer similar difficulties.
although sustainable development is not easy, it is an unavoidable responsibility.
america is related to the chocolate industry.
americans have found the growth progressive in quantitative terms.
americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproductive development in quantitative terms.
an academic essay uses references from both primary and secondary sources.
an aerial photograph was promptly registered for federal evaluations.
an ancient text may hold secrets which were lost centuries ago.
an archaeologist's new discovery stands out in previous overlooked foundations.
an architect requires of problem-solving skills and an eye of design.
an effective manager is always open to new ideas.
an essay should use evidence from both primary and secondary sources.
an extra lecture is about to be scheduled at the end of this week to assist you with revision.
an introduction is an essential element of presentation.
an undergraduate is required to do many projects.
anatomy is the study of internal and external structures.
and in that regard, as well as in other regards, it stands as an important contribution.
and in this regard, as well as in other regards this consideration is important.
animal and plant cells have a number of structures in common.
animals grow larger and stronger to hunt better.
animals raised in captivity behave differently from their wild counterparts.
anonymous behaviors can be identified without intervention.
answering this complex question with a simple yes or no is absolutely impossible.
anxiety decreases rapidly when a person has more optimism and faith.
any text or references you make should be cited appropriately in the footnotes.
anyone who has a problem with their accommodation should speak to the welfare officer.
apple is expected to announce several new products this fall.
applicants for the course probably have a preference over english or journalism .
applications for the course preferably have a preference over english or journalism
archaeologists discovered tools and artifacts in ancient tombs.
architectural numbers vary in that interesting experiment.
art and design is a competitive field to work in.
art helps us to deep the appreciating of our world.
art students often exhibit their works in the university buildings.
arteries carry blood from heart to the other parts of the body.
article numbers are collected through interesting experiments.
artificial intelligence has made significant progress in the last few years
artists need to make their works both original and accessible.
artists, other than politicians, played their own role as critics of culture.
arts are always connected with political events and ideas of society.
as a student union member, we can influence the change of the university.
as for me, it is a strategy to go to judicial review.
as union members, we can make an influence on the university.
assignments should be submitted to the department before the deadline.
assignments should be submitted to the department office before deadline.
assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
astronauts use light years to measure distances in space.
at that moment, few people moved from the towns to the villages
atoms are the building blocks of matter.
attracting skilled workers to the city with expensive housing is hard.
audition of the university choir will be on hold the next week
avoid confusing the causes and effects of these changes.
babies can distinguish between what is the language and what is not.
back in the 1940s and 1950s people were smoking cigarettes frequently.
banks charge interests for money they loan to their customers.
basketball was created in 1891 by a physician
basketball was created in 1891 by a physician and a physical instructor.
before architecture was invented, people used to live in underground houses
before attending the lecture, you must register online or by post.
before choosing your university course, you should consider your career.
before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
before reading chapter one, you must refer to the lecture notes first.
before submitting your dissertation your advisor must approve your application.
behind the garage, there is a flat cart drawn by mules
behind the group, there is a flat cart drawn by mules.
being a student representative on the union really cuts into my study time.
being a vegan means not consuming any other animal meat.
being a vegan means not eating any other meat.
being bilingual is not necessarily having the ability to analyze the language.
below the heating controls in the middle, there is a small round plastic button.
biographical information should be removed before the publication of the results.
biographical information should be removed prior to the publication of results.
biology involves the study of life of all levels.
books for children often contain many bits of illustration.
books which are overdue will incur daily fines.
both staff and students can purchase parking permits online.
british students must study mathematics at secondary schools.
building trust cannot happen overnight.
business must adapt to the data protection regulations.
businesses must obey regulations.
but they haven't come to widespread use yet.
by clicking this button, you agree with the terms and conditions of this website.
caged camera to see the fish.
calculators allow us to add numbers that we all made mistakes.
calculators may not be used during the examination.
campus tours begin at the library this afternoon.
care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups during the periods of turmoil.
care needs to be taken for vulnerable groups in the times of infection.
career management is a very important subject.
career mobility is very important for new graduates.
career opportunities in this field are quite limited.
career services provide tips about how to cope with job interviews.
carefully rub contact lenses with your fingers for a thorough cleanse.
castle was designed to intimidate both local people and the enemies.
celebrity is still the great source of controversy.
cells are the basic building blocks of all animals and plants.
cellular engineering strategies are highly desirable.
certain organisms can reproduce using just only one parent.
certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by a logical deduction.
changing your interest is a natural part of the learning process
chapter one provides the historical background to the topic.
check the website if you are looking for discount textbooks.
chemistry building is located at the entrance to campus.
children acquire their first language without any conscious effort.
children are not allowed in the chemical labs.
children are not allowed to be in the laboratory at any time
children can share their lunch at around noon.
children conquer their first language without any conscious efforts.
children start producing words before they are able to walk.
city planners recognize the needs of accessible public transport options.
classical mechanism is considered a branch of mathematics.
classical mechanism is considered as a branch of mathematics.
climate change is a fierce phenomenon concentrated by scientists.
climate change is becoming an acceptable phenomenon amongst the group of reputable scientists.
climate change is now an acceptable phenomenon among a group of reputable scientists.
clinical placement in nursing prepares students for professional practice
clinical practices in nursing prepare students in practical practices.
coastal communities are particularly vulnerable to rising sea levels.
collaboration between departments is a feature of successful companies.
columbia is a world leading coffee exporter.
commissioners will raise funds for authorities.
communication skills have become very important in recent years.
companies are offering us all kinds of internet connected services.
companies exist for money, not for society.
companies need to satisfy customers' needs if they want to be successful.
companies want to protect their brands from negative comments.
companies’ projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
company exists for money, not for society.
competition for places in the course is fierce.
competition for places in this course is fierce.
computer software has changed a lot since last year
conferences are always scheduled on the third wednesday of the month.
conferences ought to be always scheduled two weeks in advance.
conferences ought to be scheduled two weeks in advance.
conservation is the survival of future generation.
consumer confidence has a direct influence on sales.
consumer confidence tends to increase as the economy expands.
contemporary commentators dismiss his idea as eccentric.
continuing students will be sent for application forms.
control systems in manufacturing provide a high level of accuracy.
convincing evidence to support this theory is hard to obtain.
cosmetics and plastic surgery often evokes images of famous personalities.
costs can be calculated once the critical path has been established.
could you pass the material to students that are in your row?
could you please prepare a medical certificate for me to submit to my manager?
course work and exam will form part of the annual assessment.
courses are assessed by group work and individual assignment.
create a playlist of your favorite music to help you relax in difficult situations.
criminal charges all of the men.
criminal charges will be brought against all of the men.
critical literature theory broadens interpretation.
critical thinking is one part of a broad education.
critics want the government to take this one stage further and ban the film altogether.
daily practice can build confidence and improve skills.
dealing with the growing population is a challenge for many governments.
demand and supply are fundamental elements of economics.
demand and supply are one of the fundamental factors in economics
democracy is constantly offering the most stable form of government.
designers need to keep up with the social trend.
despite the protest, the chemistry department was closed down.
despite their differences, all forms of lives share the same characteristics.
detailed analysis of population growth has revealed some alarming predictions.
diagnosis is not a discrete or limited process.
did you know that to become more fluent, you need lots of practice?
diet and exercise are the foundation parts of good health.
distance learning allows you to develop a career around your commitments.
distance learning can develop your career around the world.
distance learning has become far more popular these days.
do analysts really think the producing energy is largely responsible for current environmental problems.
do not know if there is a plural, but i do not seem to have.
doctor green's office has been moved to the second floor of the building.
does the college refectory offer vegetarian dishes on a daily basis?
does the government in your country help families that need help?
does the professor keep regular office hours?
does the university have an ice hockey team?
doing nothing is not always better than taking risks.
doing this research makes me think of the purpose of science.
don’t forget to do a campus tour on the first week of your semester.
don’t forget to hand in your assignments by the end of next week.
don’t forget to take the library tour in the first week of the semester.
don’t hesitate to email me if you have any questions.
dr. green’s office has been moved to the second floor of the building.
during an official ceremony, a memorandum of understanding was signed by the academic dean.
during that period heavy industry grew rapidly in the north of the country.
during the next few centuries, london became one of the most powerful and prosperous cities in europe.
during the second term, you are supposed to submit one essay per week.
each student needs meet his or her tutors.
early streams of economic in the roman republic will be examined.
eating fish twice a week is an accommodation on a health diet.
eating too much can lead to many health problems.
eating too much will do harm to your health.
economic problems caused a big rise in unemployment.
economic status of early roman republic will be examined.
economy of scale is the increase in efficiency that occurs when more goods are produced.
education is learning skills for employment.
educational level is found to be related to social and economic backgrounds.
eight groups need to submit the outlines of their projects to their tutors.
elections of president take place once every four years.
electric cars are the future of transportation as they promise a cleaner environment.
electronic devices can help students to complete their assignments than ever before.
employment figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
enrolling a second major will increase the career options.
enrolling in a double major may increase your career options.
environmental friendliness is a new category in which campuses are competing.
environmentalism is a category in which universities are competing.
equality has not yet been achieved in this society.
essays and assignments are spread out across the academic year.
essays are easy once research is finished.
essays should be typed with double space on white paper.
essays with few or no citations will be regarded as invalid.
establishing and retaining intellectual leadership clearly takes strong management skills.
evaluation forms will be reviewed by university personnel
even if you have used cosmetics for years without problems, one or more ingredients can still trigger an allergic reaction.
even simple techniques need to be practiced to become perfect.
even with the permit, finding a parking spot on campus is still impossible.
every experiment should be repeated to validate it.
every living thing begins as a single cell.
every student has a regular meeting with his or her personal tutor.
every student has the right and the ability to succeed.
every year, students pass biology course easily.
everyone must evacuate from the premises during the fire drill.
everyone wanted to meet the artist and discussed the work they were interested in.
exam results will be available next week from the course office.
exotic activities can help students develop more talents.
expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates in a job interview.
expertise in particular areas distinguishes you from other graduates.in a job interview.
experts are now able to forecast weather for long periods.
experts are now able to forecast weather over much longer periods.
experts believe that industrial development will help the economy.
experts said reading and listening to music can reduce stress.
experts say learning and listening music can reduce the stress.
extracurricular activities can help students to develop
facebook is one of the most popular websites in the world today.
factors such as cost and function influence the design of the bridge.
family life is difficult for parents who have shift work.
farmers do not always receive market price for agricultural goods.
farming method across the world have greatly developed recently.
farming methods around the world have greatly developed recently.
fashion trends always help people to get more interesting
fashion trends help people to make life interesting.
fast food has become very popular with many students.
fees are heavily discounted, and bursaries are available for delegates.
fees, results, and schedules will be available online on the university website.
few people now are skeptical about alternative power sources such as wind power.
field trips are essential parts of most geography courses.
final year business students have to write a five-thousand-word essay on market trends.
financial help for undergraduate study is available on application.
financial support can be offered to help pay your fees and other costs.
find out how to get resources before your research.
find out how to get sources before your research.
finding cocoa in dark chocolate promotes immunity and mood.
firm conclusions can be established through rigorous experiments.
fish is for sport, meat is for surviving
fishing is a sport and a means for survival.
fishing is a sport and a means of survival.
folk tales are passed orally from generation to generation.
food cannot be eaten in the main library.
food containing too many calories supplies little or no nutritional value.
food contains antibiotics provides few or no nutrition values.
food has become a political issue in the world.
for any written assignment, a detailed literature review must be performed.
for human beings, breathing is a symbol of life.
for the purpose of the research, data should be collected and analysed.
for the small businesses, making profit is the main priority.
for writing bibliography you need to use italic fonts.
free campus tours run daily during summer for prospective students.
freshwater creatures did not appear in the paintings until the modern period.
generally, students have unusual problems in school.
genetic and biochemical analyses have generated a detailed portfolio of mechanisms.
geography is generally divided into two branches: human and physical.
get enough sleep the night before the test.
glass is not a real solid, because it doesn’t have a crystal structure.
global connections increased in academic communities, thanks to social media.
globalization has been an overwhelming urban and urbanization phenomenon.
globalization often put more pressure on national economic policy.
globalization problems need to find globalized solutions.
good educators can recognize the different kinds of learning styles.
good nutrition is crucial to general health and vitality.
good research delivers practical benefit to real people.
good research delivers practical benefits for real people.
good research delivers practical knowledge to real people.
good research paper delivers practical benefits to real people.
good research presents many benefits to the real people.
government policies though tough have been a blessing in disguise.
government reforms have been proposed at all levels.
governments need to make solar energy more affordable to people.
graduates from this course find careers in the financial department.
graduates from this course find careers in the financial sector.
graduates from this field usually pursue careers in financial fields.
graduates of journalism can get a job in the communication field.
graduates want to find works related to their field.
graphs and charts allowed data more easily to be understood.
graphs are often useful for geographical research.
gravity makes objects attracted to one another.
growing population has posed a challenge to many governments
half of the marks in mathematics are allocated to the correct working.
having clean water for human is vital for health.
having snow means no flight can take off or land.
having strong motivation is vital for achieving your goal.
he has landed the job in a prestigious law firm.
he is almost never in his office.
he is regarded as the foremost economist this year.
he is regarded as the most foremost economist this year.
he kept giving me suggestive looks.
he landed a job in a prestigious law firm.
he looks as if he buys all his clothes from goodwill.
he started his tutorial presentation right on time.
he told me it was the most important assignment of all.
he was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
he was constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture together.
he was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the sixteenth century.
he was not the only one to call for legal reform in the 16th century.
he was regarded as the foremost economist at his time.
he was regarded as the foremost economist at that time.
heavy rain will fall across the city next week.
hemoglobin carries oxygen from lungs to other parts of the body.
her father prevented me from talking to her
here is only one example but there are lots of others.
higher education provide treats plagiarism extremely
higher fees cause the student to look more critically at what universities offer.
higher fees make students think more critically about what universities can offer.
higher numbers of patients were infected during previous outbreaks of illness.
higher numbers of patients were infected than during previous outbreaks of the illness.
his academic supervisor called in to see him last night.
his appointment as culture minister was seen as demotion.
his appointment to economic culture minister was seen as a demotion.
his lecture is always useful and stimulated.
his objection to include scientific evidence has brought a lot of criticisms to him.
his tone tonight was nothing short of jealousy.
historical cities are financially dependent on the tourism as income.
historical economics is the trick of the subject.
history is not a simple collection of dates and events.
honey can be used as food and health product.
horizontal line on the graph indicates there is no change.
how much time did you spend on doing research before you started writing?
however, this method is problematic in terms of accuracy.
human beings compete with other living things for resources and space.
humans have the ability to mentally say over 700 words a minute.
humans need to use energy in order to exist.
hundreds of millions of dollars are spent each year promoting unhealthy foods.
hundreds of scientific papers have been published on global warming.
hypothetically, insufficient mastery in the areas slows future progress.
i always have one milk in my coffee in the morning.
i am going to transform my mathematical skills to the classroom.
i am pleased to report that many topics have been involved in this lecture.
i am wondering if cell phones are actually just as dangerous as cigarettes.
i believe children should read aloud more.
i can’t attend the lecture because i have a doctor appointment.
i could not save my work as my computer crashed.
i could not save my work as my computer was crashed.
i didn't mean to eavesdrop on your conversation.
i didn’t understand the author’s point of view on immigration.
i don't agree with the author's point of view, but his presentation is good.
i don't like the cheese tomato sandwich on white bread
i don’t think they support that version of the program any more.
i don’t understand what the comment of my essay means.
i even know our baby's name when she looked at me.
i expect a long and stagnant debate for a week or two on this issue.
i found a large rock and i broke through the basement window.
i had a sandwich and milk for my breakfast.
i just want to let you know that i think you’re the most beautiful woman that i’ve ever seen.
i know how to solve the problem, but i've been asked not to tell you.
i look for the day when a billion planets are populated with a billion people each.
i look forward to meeting you and helping you realize your goals.
i look in my closet for something to wear, but i couldn't find anything appropriate for the occasion.
i missed yesterday’s lecture. can i borrow your notes?
i must see him before he flies out to london for a week.
i need more quotations to back up my argument.
i spent my time really studying human beings.
i spoke to him in english, but i couldn’t make myself understood.
i still don't understand the last sentence.
i think it's one of the best things i have done really.
i think it’s a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
i think it’s really difficult for an englishman to imitate a real american accent.
i think of those leaders who inspire us to go beyond the call of duty.
i think the university’s main campus is closed.
i think we can all agree that being fluent in two languages is a good thing.
i think we should get together over the weekend to discuss this assignment.
i thought it was through the small meeting room.
i thought the mid-term exam was only worth half of our course grade.
i thought we would meet in the small meeting room.
i used to have a cup of coffee with milk and one sugar.
i used to have coffee with milk and one sugar.
i want to make an appointment with the manager.
i was overwhelmed with too much irrelevant information.
i will be in my office every day from 11 o’clock to 2 o’clock.
i will be in my office every day from ten to twelve.
i will check again but i am pretty sure we are supposed to read chapter two.
i will now demonstrate how the reaction can be arrested by adding a dilute acid.
i will start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
i would like a cheese and tomato sandwich on white bread with orange juice.
i would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house.
i would like tomato and cheese sandwiches on white bread and orange juice.
i would never feed my dog with commercial dog food.
i'm afraid professor jones doesn't suffer fools gladly.
i'm glad that you've got it.
i'm glad you arrived here with safety.
i'm sorry but i have a previous appointment tomorrow.
i've always been interested in biology and physics.
i've got a tutorial in an hour and i haven't had any time to prepare for it.
ideally, free trade is beneficial for trading to both two partners.
identity theft happens to thousands of people every day.
identity theft happens to thousands of people every year.
if finance is a cause of concern, scholarships may be available.
if it helps to take notes in order to concentration, please do so.
if it helps to take notes to concentrate, please do so.
if she doesn’t speak the language, she’s not going to sit around a week waiting for a translator.
if taking notes helps your concentration, please do it.
if you are not sure, call student services for help.
if you are not sure, phone student services for help.
if you are unable to complete the task in time, please notify me by email.
if you are working after 11 o'clock, who will drive you home?
if you forget your passport, you need to contact the student center.
if you forgot your student number, you should contact jenny brice.
if you have a question, ask me by email.
if you have problems, please contact your tutor.
if you like to take notes, you can but there will be handouts.
if you need a parking ticket ,see me after the lecture
if you need a parking ticket, see me after the lecture.
if you need additional help, visit the student resolve centre.
if you need any information about the university, you can check the information office located beside the corridor.
if you need help, i can give you a hand in finding a flat.
if you need help, maybe i can give a hand.
if you seek for further extension, contact your faculty for more information.
if you use anger as a tool too often, people will learn to avoid you.
if you want to quit the student union, tell the registrar.
if you want to receive the reimbursement, you must submit the original receipts.
if you want to sell your book, it must have a list of bibliography.
if your parents come to visit you this semester where will they stay?
implementation figures are expected to be improved in the next few years.
important details in the article are missing from the summary.
in 1880, cycling became a major phenomenon in the united states.
in addition to the course's requirements, students must pass the qualification examinations.
in any written assignment, a detailed literature review is important.
in any written assignment, a detailed literature review is very important.
in consultation with your supervisor, your thesis is approved by the faculty committee.
in english, the first letter of the months of the year is always capitalized.
in europe, the political pressure is similar regarding globalization.
in market, short time thought often lead to disaster.
in marketing, short-term thinking leads to many problems.
in my free time, i would like to read current affairs and newspapers.
in my opinion, the car should be repaired.
in our campus, prospective students have access to thirteen college libraries.
in our university, students have the access to 13 college libraries.
in spite the cold temperature, the sky is clear and blue.
in statistics, a detailed lecture of view is very important.
in the 1830, periodicals appeared in large numbers in america.
in the dark, before the dawn, the plane was assembled.
in the last few weeks, we’ve been looking at various aspects of the social history of london.
in the past, people ate very different food.
in the past, students were required to complete two long written assignments.
in the research, data must be collected by analysis.
in this book, the author discussed the role of cultural differences.
in this language course, we focus on fluency and accuracy.
in this library, reserve collection books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
in this library, reserved collection books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
increasing population results in an increasing demand for energy.
industrial experts will discuss job opportunities in an automatic labor force.
industry experts will discuss the opportunities in an automated workforce.
industry will discuss job opportunities for work.
inflation affects the demand, pricing and consumption of most products.
information is being given to readers in a format that looks familiar.
information technology has changed the way we study
interim grades will be posted on the board outside the student lounge.
international aid programs have been reduced by the new government.
international exchanges formed the important part of our study program.
international exchanges formulate the study of our program.
international students can get help with locating housing near the university.
internet provides unusual opportunities for students and current events.
interpreters are not readily available in this department.
is hypothesis on black hole as rendered moot as explanation of explanations?
it helps you rationally assess your arguments.
it is absolutely vital that you acknowledge all your sources.
it is acknowledged that his work is groundbreaking.
it is an integrated course with several main elements.
it is an integrated course with three different elements.
it is argued that students can learn more in collaborative rather than individual study.
it is argued that students can learn more in collaborative rather than individual task.
it is being made to reduce harmful emissions.
it is clear that human population impacts on the environment.
it is clear that little accurate documentation is in support of this claim.
it is clear that the human population impacts the environment
it is easy to provide the definition of the world.
it is good for the environment also good for your bill.
it is good for the environment, and also good for your electricity bill.
it is hard to anticipate all the characters that were in the act.
it is important for students to keep up with the deadline.
it is important that you work as a team on this project.
it is important to allocate your time wisely when revising.
it is important to make clear notes when you are reading.
it is important to take gender into account when discussing the figures.
it is important to validate all assumptions before arriving at a conclusion.
it is interesting to observe the development of language skills of toddlers.
it is interesting to observe the development of the language skills of toddlers.
it is necessary to dress formally for the graduation ceremony.
it is necessary to solve the equation to determine the unknown variable.
it is obligatory for companies to provide details of their industrial processes.
it is of interest to most students to take experiential learning course.
it is possible to keep the energy of an atom in two ways
it is quite clear that the rising prosperity does not make people feel more content.
it is really a comprehensive program covering both theory and practice.
it is really a comprehensive program that covers both theory and practice.
it is strictly required to submit the assignment by friday.
it is successfully acknowledged that there is a student graduation ceremony.
it is the members contribution.
it is utmost important that you don't rely on translation online.
it is very likely that space travel will become popular in the private sector.
it isn't easy when it comes to the definition of this word.
it may not mean that it is possible to solve the problem easily.
it provides an opportunity to work with other disciplines.
it seems that language appeared from nowhere.
it takes a long time to walk to university.
it was acknowledged that his work was ground breaking.
it was four more years before the theory was fully developed.
it was hard to anticipate how all the different characters would react.
it will be extremely beneficial to work together.
it's important that humans dispose of their waste in appropriate ways.
it's important to keep this medicine in the fridge.
it's just a feeling having tried something new and succeeded.
it's time to finalize the work before wednesday’s seminar.
it’s confidence and it's an optimism that i now have.
it’s the words of common occurrence that have different referential values.
it’s time to finalize the work before the wednesday seminar.
it’s within that framework that we’re making our survey.
it’s within the framework that we’re making our survey.
i’ll start with a brief history of the district, and then focus on life in the first half of the 20th century.
i’m glad you got here safely.
i’m quite aware of my own inadequacies.
i’m sorry for being late for today’s lecture.
john went rushing off down the corridor.
journalism faces the crises in the light of the digital revolution.
journalism has undergone many changes in recent years.
journalism is the collection and publication or transmission of news.
junk food's popularity relies on marketing
junk food’s popularity relies on marketing.
just wait a minute. i will be with you shortly.
key business partners are often entertained in expense accounts.
key business partners are often intertwined in expense accounts.
knives and forks should be placed next to the spoon on the edge of the table.
label the beakers and put them away.
late applications are not accepted under any circumstances.
law is beneficial to investors by protecting their rights and avoiding any improper actions in the market.
laws protect consumer rights and help to avoid market problems.
leading company changed their policies after their reports were released.
leave the building immediately if the fire alarm goes off.
lecture outlines are available on the faculty board and internal website.
lecture theater is located on the ground floor of the pack building
let me know if anybody struggles in the lab.
libraries in many areas were closed due to the lack of funding.
libraries provide a range of services for students.
library plays an important role in student’s life.
library reference desks hold a lot of materials on academic history.
life expectancy and infant mortality rate are two of the best indicators of overall health.
linguist is the scientist and knowledge of the language.
linguistics is an analysis of language.
listening is the key skill to succeed in this course.
literature can be classified in various ways.
loans are only available for international students.
lots of people turned out to be at the presidential address.
lots of students had money and passport stolen especially at night.
lung cancer remains a largely incurable disease.
make sure the financial director knows the full details of the pay agreement.
make sure you choose a course that provides great career opportunities.
make sure you correctly cite all your sources.
make sure you wash your hands before preparing the food.
making mistakes is fine as long as you learn from them.
making sure you have saved all the files before turning off the computer.
managing the increasing population is the challenge for most governments.
manufacturing now brings more people in than agriculture and fishing combined.
many birds migrated to the warmer areas for winter.
many cities are actively working on ways for reducing air pollution.
many companies use personality tests in interview process.
many courses in the institution are funded by private entrepreneurs.
many diseases on the list have been irritated.
many experts think that the world climate is constantly changing.
many food crops require a large quantity of water and fertilizer.
many graduates of journalism can get jobs in the communications field.
many health workers think that pensioners are too old to understand.
many important policies need to be made.
many medical volunteers no longer have access to medical literature.
many of his research objectives are driven by his natural curiosity and instincts.
many of the most popular courses are available online.
many of the university’s original buildings are still in use
many of the urban poor lived in an extremely cramped condition.
many privately owned firms have been eaten up by larger corporations.
many species have yet to be described by biologists.
many students are so scared of writing essays, because they never learned how.
many students find true or false questions are harder than short answer questions.
many toxins are originated from plants and animals.
many undergraduate students go back home to stay with their parents after graduation.
many universities are continuously expanding the postgraduate education online learning resources.
many universities' lectures can now be reviewed in internet.
many university lectures can now be viewed on the internet.
marine environment has been destroyed by pollution and unsustainable development.
mary felt happy when she learned the results of the election.
mary has nobody to talk with, but she doesn’t feel lonely.
materials and resources are on hold at the library's front desk.
mature students usually adapt to university life extremely well.
may the love of those around you help you through the days ahead?
maybe it is time for me to make some changes.
measures must be taken to prevent unemployment rate from increasing.
mechanical engineering first became prominent during the industrial revolution.
medical researchers have focused on the different treatments and diseases.
meeting with mentors can be scheduled for students who require additional support.
meeting with tutors could be arranged for students who need additional help.
members can contribute to the association of operating firm.
members should make mandatory contributions to associated operating funds.
meteorology is a detailed study of earth’s atmosphere.
meteorology is a subject of earth’s atmosphere.
mobile devices are not allowed during the examination.
modern poetry often tests the conventions of language and rhythm.
momentum is defined as a combination of mass and velocity.
money and how it is paid can affect the motivations to work.
more females than males graduated from universities last year.
more graduate training is often needed after the university study is finished.
more muscles are used in swimming than other sports.
more research is needed before any definitive conclusion can be drawn.
more research is required in the field of food science
most animals have triangular vocal cords, but the lion's mighty pipes are square.
most critics agreed with the new theory, but a few disagreed.
most food constructions require large amount of water or fertilizer.
most of the assignments should be submitted on the same day.
most of the features were part of the previous system.
most of the scientists disagreed to discuss the size and the levels of society.
most of the strategies are in a preclinical state.
most of the students have not considered this issue before.
most of the theories were similar, but a few critics disagreed.
most of these criticisms can be shown to be false.
most printers in the computer lab are out of ink.
most scientists believe that climate change threatens lives on the earth.
most students are not eligible to claim housing benefits.
most students in last year’s course did well in this module.
most teaching staff make their lecture notes available online.
most theories are quite similar, but a few critics disagree.
most theories were quite similar but a few critics disagreed.
most university teaching take place in lectures and seminars.
most university's teaching takes place in lectures and seminars.
moving up the class ladder also brings unexpected costs.
much of his research objectives are driven by his natural curiosity and instincts.
much of the evidence been used has only recently become available.
much of the research is carried out in the laboratory.
muscle cells bring parts of the body closer together.
muscles make parts of the body close together.
museum is closed on thursday morning every month.
mutually exclusive events can be described as either complementary or opposite.
my biggest concern for the future is climate change.
my laptop has crashed and cannot save any file.
my satisfaction was complete when she looked at me.
my siblings and i were waiting for my mother to come back from the hospital.
my tutorial class will begin at the next monday’s morning session.
my tutorial class will begin on next monday morning.
native discourse continues to be predominate in discussion of gender.
native speakers are exempt from language tests in their own language.
natures are defined as specific chemical compounds.
nearly half of the television outputs are given away for educational programs.
neurons are principally involved in chemical processes.
neuroscience is a compound of completely separate parts.
new credit cards will soon using fingerprint technology.
new development in technology contributes to current research.
new developments in manufacturing are constantly changing the way we live.
new developments in technology are influencing current research.
new materials and techniques are changing the way of architecture.
new media has a significant impact on human communications.
new media is to find new areas to study
new media journalism is an interesting area for study.
new timetables will be posted on the student noticeboard.
new york city is famous for its ethnic diversity.
newspapers across the country have been reporting stories of the president.
newspapers across the world reported stories of presidents.
newspapers are supported primarily by the sale of advertising space.
newspapers are supported primarily by the sales of advertising space.
next time, we will discuss the influence of the media on public policy.
no crop responds more readily to care for husbandry and skilful cultivation.
no more than four people can be in the lab at once.
note-taking methods work great both on paper and digitally.
notes lecture will begin punctually, so please do not be late.
novelists have a major role to play in inflecting their time to their readers.
novelists write the best things that they know about.
number the beakers and put them away before tomorrow.
number the bricks and put them away before tomorrow.
nurses specialize in clinical work and management.
nutrition plays a key role in athletic performance.
observers waited nervously and with bated breath for the concert.
observers waited nervously with bated breath for the concert.
of all the heating and cooling options, central heating is the best.
of course, you can also choose to have your grades emailed to you.
oil only reserve half-century.
on behalf of our department, i would like to thank you for your participation.
on this project, you will be asked to work as a group of three.
once more under the pressure of economic necessity, practice outstripped theory.
one function of body fat is to keep the internal organs warm.
one function of the body fat is to keep all internal organs warm.
one of the election promises is to decrease the income tax.
one of the elections promises to reduce tax.
one of the hardest things about starting university is finding your way around.
one of the key conclusions is that the development needs were met
one of the salients of academic writing is the tendency to use formal words.
one thirtieth of wildlife have been ignored by developers.
online courses allow students to work in their own pace.
only those who are over eighteen years of age are eligible to open a bank account in our bank.
opposition to the government tax policies are wide spread across business sectors.
organic food is growing without applying chemicals and no artificial additives.
organic food is grown without applying chemicals and the possesses no artificial additives.
organization plays an important role in academic literature.
organizational failure is considered in various perspectives in academic literature.
our aim is to transform the classical teaching in the classroom.
our capacity to respond to national needs will determine our ability to flourish.
our class is divided into two groups; you come with me and the other stay here.
our class will be divided into three groups.
our company currently employs more than ten thousand people worldwide.
our company is intended to hire more than ten thousand people worldwide.
our company must have independent financial auditing.
our courses help improve critical thinking and independent learning skills.
our cultural values are dependent on the choices we made.
our facilities include five items in the university.
our food supply now contains so much added sugar that our metabolic systems can't handle it.
our fundamental realities, especially national needs, have seen the ability to flourish.
our group is going to meet tomorrow in the library conference room.
our laboratory equipment is provided free of charge.
our log books make up five per cent of total marks.
our professor is hosting the business development conference next week.
our professor is hosting the business development conference.
our professor is hosting the economic development conference next week.
our school of arts and technology accepts applications at all points throughout the year.
our study program equips students with central skills for university.
our tutorial will take place on the second floor in room one.
our university accommodation has a volleyball team for students to join in.
our university has strong partnerships with industry as well as collaborative relationships with government bodies.
our workshop is opening for all the students on the campus.
our young people need education and more organized activities.
overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the daily life of the majority of the population.
overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the lives of the majority of the population.
packages are likely to be used in many computers.
packaging is very important to attract the attention of a buyer.
pain is necessary, as it acts as a warning of danger.
parental expectations are a major cause of stress among students.
parenting is difficult for parents who have shift work.
parents are financially responsible for their children until they reach adulthood.
parents should provide guidance and examples to children's values.
parents today are involved in the education of their children.
participants initially select from a range of foundation subjects.
participants were not performing an actual purchase.
participating in the class is the center of the course.
participation rate on studying language learning exceeded expectations.
peer group pressure has a significant effect on young people.
peer review is an essential part of scientific methods.
people have been independent on using phones in their everyday life.
people provide the reports to support your idea of these arguments.
people see stars that were billions of years ago.
people tend to be least happy in middle age.
people with active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have a major illness.
people with active lifestyles are less likely to die early or have major illnesses.
people with an active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have a major illness.
philosophy uses a lot of logics and reasons to analyze human experience.
physical health can be improved by regular training.
physicist students have student module this year.
physics is a detailed study of matter and energy.
physics is a detailed subject of matter and energy.
physics is a key subject to understand the world and the universe.
physiology is the study of internal and external structure of the body.
plagiarism in a test is very severe.
plants are able to continue growing throughout their lives.
plants are the living things that can grow on land or in water.
please be careful when using online translation programs.
please carefully study the framework and complete the survey.
please click the logo above to enter the site.
please close the door behind you when you leave the room.
please come to the next seminar properly prepared.
please do not bring food into the classroom.
please explain what the author means by sustainability.
please finish all the reading chapters before the field trip.
please go straight and turn left to reach the library.
please hand in assignments at the main office.
please have copies of your seminar papers in the library a week in advance.
please make sure all works follow the department guidelines.
please make sure you correctly cite all the necessary materials.
please make sure you do not go over the word count.
please make sure your application follows the guidelines provided.
please make sure your applications are following the guideline provided.
please move us to the meeting room for the next hour.
please note that the college laboratory will be closed for cleaning next week.
please note that the substantial deadlines are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances.
please note the college laboratories will be closed for cleaning next week.
please note, submission deadlines are only negotiable in an exceptional circumstance.
please pass the handouts along to the rest of the people in your row.
please prepare a powerpoint presentation for tomorrow's meeting.
please read the chapter one of the history textbook.
please read the first five chapters before the next week’s tutorial
please register your student email account at your earliest convenience.
please remember to bring a highlighter and your textbook to class next thursday.
please remember to bring a highlighter to class next wednesday.
please return the books to the correct positions on the shelves
please return the reference book to the correct position on the table.
please sort and order the slides of the presentation according to topic and speech time.
please switch off all electronic devices when you are attending a conference session.
please turn off the lights to save energy.
please visit the website for information about the opening times.
please work with each other to build monolithic statues.
please write the name of author and the year of publication.
please write your name on the essay cover sheet.
politicians can make better decisions if they listen to the public opinion.
politicians need to be more proactive when they are addressing the issues.
politics is not usually a safe topic of conversation.
politics is usually not a safe topic for conversation.
popular culture is now a serious subject of academic inquiry.
population geography includes the study of demography.
practical experiments are essential parts of chemical classes.
practicing time-restricted eating a few times a week could be both feasible and healthy.
preparation is important to avoid mishaps in the lab.
presidential elections are held every four years.
presidential elections are held once every four years.
professor gordon just called me a few minutes ago.
professor smith will be late for today's lecture.
professors with higher educational standard trained them extremely seriously.
proficiency in a foreign language may be demonstrated by assessment.
protective clothing must always be worn in the laboratory.
protective goggles must be worn in all the university's laboratories.
proteins constitute at least thirty percent of the total mass of all living organism.
psychologists say what we have experienced influences our behaviors
public perception about biotechnology is crucial for developing scientific consensus.
purity is one feature that makes gold expensive.
put the knife and fork next to the spoon near the edge of the table.
quantitative and temporal parameters of food consumption were used.
radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world
radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world.
rail transport is becoming more and more popular.
read safety instructions before using the equipment during the workshop.
read the fitness center instructions before attempting to use the equipment.
read the four sections before the next meeting.
reading histories involves a level of careful selections.
reading list will be available before the course begins
reading widely is an important part of the undergraduate study.
recreation triggers creativity, according to populace's wisdom.
recycling systems can be complex, but they are becoming simpler.
reference materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
reference of material is held in the hall of the library reference desk.
relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
relevant materials are reserved in the library.
relevant resources are reserved in the library.
relying on natural abilities will not let you go further in science.
remember students have strict ability criteria.
remember to sign the attendance prior to the class.
remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the lecture hall.
remember, the gifts purchased by children should have a striped character.
remember, the prestigious election of student membership has strict eligibility criteria.
remember, the prestigious selection has strict eligibility criteria.
renovation works have been undertaken throughout the building.
research has found that there is no correlation between diet and intelligence.
researches show that spending time outdoors has a range of benefits.
reserved collection of books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
resources and materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
resources and materials are on hold at the library's reference desk.
review all materials before drawing your conclusion.
review all sources before drawing any conclusions.
rising in sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
rising inflation rate indicates the increasing demands on consumer products.
rising sales figures means a rise in demand.
rising sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
rivers provide habitat and migration pathways for numerous aquatic species.
rivers provide habitats and migration pathways to fish and numerous aquatic species.
robert would live in rural areas in london.
rules for breaks and lunch time vary from one country to another.
safety glasses should be worn while doing experiments in the lab.
sales figures for last year were better than expected.
sales figures last year are better than expected.
salt is produced from the seawater or extracted from the ground.
scholarship applications must be handed in at the end of the month.
scholarships are available for both local and international students.
science degree are now offering different levels of specialization.
science library is currently located on the ground of the library.
scientific beneficiary to space exploration is frequently questioned.
scientific experiments are repeated in order to find results.
scientists are always asking the government for more money.
scientists are always asking the governments for more money
scientists are getting closer to the answers of this question.
scientists are unsure when the first man left africa.
scientists can develop new elements in their laboratory.
scientists here are studying a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
scientists learned through the observations and the analysis of the human behaviour
scientists recognized the different ice types according to the water molecule content.
scientists were unsure when the early men left africa.
sea levels are expected to rise during the next century.
several candidates were graded as the greatest scientists of all times.
several copies must be supplied to the university department to fulfil the requirement.
she ate a sandwich and drank juice.
she began by giving an outline of the previous lecture.
she doesn't care about anything but what is honest and true.
she doesn't pay much attention to how she dresses.
she feared becoming an object of ridicule.
she glanced nervously around the brush and back at him.
she has been in the library for a long time.
she has made a significant contribution to the field of chemistry.
she is an expert of the 18th century french literature.
she is going to do master degree by mathematics.
she received a scholarship from the state university.
she sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
she told the faculty to be very supportive.
she used to be an editor of the student newspaper.
she used to be everywhere, but today she is missing.
she was always here, but today she is missed.
since the problems we face are global, we need to find the relative solutions
slides and handouts can be downloaded after the lecture.
smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution.
social media is criticized of causing internet addiction.
social policy describes the ways in which the society meets human's needs.
social psychology has been considered by human behavior.
social science is the study of solving social problems.
sociology policies are the sources of government to solve social problems.
some departments have their own special book collections.
some details underlying the issue must be addressed first.
some economists argue that the entire financial system is fatally flawed.
some methods for clinical applications have been presented as well.
some of the features are part of previous research.
some of the vocational courses are provided by many private enterprises.
some of these features were part of the previous system.
some people are motivated by competition, while others prefer collaboration.
some people argue that education is not that important.
some people regarded it as care, while others regarded it as recklessness.
some people regarded this as eye wash whereas some people ask for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
some students find true or false questions are harder than short answer questions.
some vocational courses at institution are funded by private enterprises.
some young people find city life rather stressful.
some young people seem to be addicted to their cell phones.
something will be left by the conductor.
sound waves are unable to travel through the vacuum.
speak to your tutor if you need further assistance.
speed is defined as how fast a person or an object moves.
speed is defined as how quickly a person or an object moves.
spiritualism is defined as a system of belief or religious practice.
sport is the cause of traumatic brain injuries in the united states.
sports teams practice on weekdays and play games on weekends.
statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on the circumstances.
statistically speaking, the likelihood of the result is extremely low.
staying near the place of work saves precious hours every day.
storytelling is a common teaching technique in many countries.
strangely, people are impacted by spontaneously using statistics.
strong liner is used to measure distance and baseline.
student concession cards need to be obtained by completing an application form.
student discount cards can be used in the coffee house on campus.
student identification card will be issued by today or tomorrow.
student loans are now available for international students.
student residential hall is very close to the academic building, which is in a walking distance.
student services provide help with housing and transport.
student shop has a range of stationery.
students and staff will automatically become a member in their library.
students are advised that all the lectures today have been canceled.
students are advised to use multiple methods for this project.
students are afraid of writing an essay, because they have learned nothing about it.
students are competing for every place in the computer courses.
students are encouraged to monitor studies by themselves.
students are encouraged to monitor their own attendance.
students are encouraged to read the new books recommended by professor jones.
students are encouraged to think carefully about their accommodation needs.
students are held accountable for adhering to the established community standards.
students are instructed to hand in their assignments by the end of this week.
students are not allowed to take journals out of the library.
students are not allowed to take the journal out of the library.
students are permitted to park at campus parking spaces.
students are recommended to read new books by professor jones
students are required to have an undergraduate degree in biology to be enrolled in this course.
students are required to use research methods for this project.
students are so scared of writing essays because they have never learned how.
students can download the materials from the website.
students can get access to computers on a daily basis.
students can put their lectures on the website.
students can share their foods at noon.
students develop confidence in their ability to think critically.
students have freedom to choose the subjects they are interested in.
students have the option to live in college residences or apartments.
students may only park their cars in authorized university parking spaces.
students must attend the safety course before entering the engineering workshop.
students must hand in their assignments by friday.
students must observe lab safety regulations at all times.
students need to finish their assignments during the next four weeks.
students requiring for an extension should apply sooner rather than later.
students should book a library tour on the first week of the first semester.
students should leave their bags on the table by the door.
students should take advantage of the online resources before attending the lecture.
students should take the advantage of the online resources before attending the lecture.
students should take the training course to use the gym.
students were instructed to stand in a straight line outside of the classroom.
students were instructed to submit their assignments by friday.
students who are successful have a good strategy of learning.
students who attempted to go to the conference must register now.
students who selected two to three courses may need an extension.
students who study overseas can significantly improve work chances.
students who wish to apply for an extension should approach their tutors.
students will develop confidence to their ability to think critically.
students will not be given credits for assignments submitted after the due date.
students with enquiries about this term’s time tables must speak to the tutor immediately.
students' assignments should be submitted before the deadline.
studies suggest there may be a correlation between educational achievement and family size.
studying history can help you better understand the present.
studying medicine is always with a wide range of opportunities.
submitting your group assignment must be issued punctually by one of your group members.
successful applicants will work with a large team of researchers.
sugar is a compound including carbon hydrogen and oxygen items.
sugar is a compound which consists of carbon, oxygen, and hydrogen.
sugar is a solid carbohydrate which is always used in sweet food.
summer schools allow some students to accelerate their studies.
supply and demand is one of the most fundamental concepts in economics.
sydney is australia's largest city, chief port and cultural center.
sydney is australia’s largest city, chief port and cultural center.
sympathy is a feeling of sorrow for someone who is not happy.
take the first step to apply for your university scholarship.
talented people do special marketing.
teaching assistance plays a vital role in the learning process.
teaching assistants will receive a monthly remuneration for housing.
teaching assistants will receive a monthly stipend for housing.
technological developments have changed the way we live.
technologies on biotechnology is of crucial importance in the project developing.
technology and industry are the drivers of global economy.
technology is changing the way media is used and studied.
technology is no longer a simple tool that we can control.
textile manufacturing plays a large role in improving economies.
that brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
that country’s economy is primarily based on tourism.
that means they have so many struggling overlaps
that means we have so many struggles in the lab.
that means we won't have any struggle in the lab.
the ability to work with fellow students cannot be stressed enough.
the academic tradition of the school ensures excellence.
the aerial photograph is promptly registered for further investigation.
the aerial photographs were promptly registered for thorough evaluation.
the aesthetic implications of the study have not yet been fully explored.
the agricultural sector in that country has been heavily subsidized.
the aim is to reduce the risks that people take.
the aim of the work, presented could be formulated as follows.
the amount of time spent on configuration varies considerably.
the application form is available in the office
the application form must be submitted before the end of term.
the application process is longer than expected.
the application process may take longer than expected.
the archaeologists stand out in previously out looked foundations.
the archaeologist’s new discoveries stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
the area has a number of underwater habitats in species.
the area has a wide diversity of habitats for underwater species.
the article extrapolates a number of very interesting experiments.
the article refers to number of interesting experiments.
the article reflects a number of very interesting experiments.
the article verifies a number of interesting experiments.
the artistic ties to conservative politicians earned their own roles of critics.
the artists other than politicians earned credits of their own roles as critics.
the artists tied with politicians earned row of critiques.
the artists tied with the conservative politicians earned the roles of critics.
the artist’s ties connected politicians earned row of critiques.
the arts magazine is looking for a new assistant editor.
the assessment of this course will begin next week.
the australian economy depends heavily on revenue from tourism and education.
the author expressed an idea that modern readers cannot accept.
the author is currently the professor at the cambridge university.
the author's previous works are more theoretical and less experimental.
the author’s early works are less philosophical and more experimental.
the balance in diet and exercise makes for good health.
the bank is hoping to tap into a fast growing market
the bank is hoping to tap into a fast growing market.
the blue whale is the largest animals to have ever lived.
the book is informative but it could be accused of political bias.
the book was supported by many faculty members.
the books are filled with drawings of machines invented when he was a student.
the books in the library can be borrowed for up to 3 hours.
the books reserved in the library can be borrowed for up to 3 hours.
the bookshop is located at the north end of the main campus.
the bookstore is located on the main campus behind the library.
the brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
the british students need to study mathematics in secondary school.
the buildings looked lovely in the bright sunshine.
the burning of fossil fuels leads to pollution and global warming.
the bus in front of the building will takes you to bus station.
the bus to london will be leave ten minutes later than expected.
the business development seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
the business policy seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
the cafe house is closed down but the snack machine will be running throughout the night.
the cafeteria closes soon but the snack machine is accessible throughout the night.
the cafeteria features sandwiches, salads, soup, fish and chicken.
the cafeteria will only serve cold milk on friday this week.
the café will close soon but you can still access the snack machine which is running over night.
the camera can identify eyes and focus on them.
the campus tour will help you get familiar with the teaching facilities.
the campus tour will help you to get familiar with the teaching facilities.
the capacity of programming computers is expanding enormously every year.
the car he was riding crashed into a train.
the career service provides suggestions on how to pass the job interview.
the career services provide job interviews.
the cart carries a single object.
the cause and effect of problem.
the celebrated professor contributed several innovative ideas to the field.
the celebrated theory is still a subject of a great controversy.
the celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
the chemistry building is actually being built.
the chemistry building is located near the entrance of the campus.
the chemistry building is still open during vacation.
the chemistry club is located near the entrance to the campus.
the chemistry exam results would be posted on the website.
the chief economist has radical ideas for the economy.
the chief executive reads several new books every month.
the chief industries are weaving, leather making, dying and working in iron and pottery.
the circulation desk is located on the ground floor.
the city needs improved infrastructure to attract more investments.
the city's founder created a set of rules that became the law.
the clear evidence between brain events and behavioral events is fascinating.
the closing date for applications of travel scholarships is next monday
the closing date of applications for travel scholarships is next monday.
the coffee house features sandwiches, salads, soup, chicken, and fish.
the coffee house has a special student discount throughout the week.
the coffee house menu features coffee, (chicken,) sandwiches and toast.
the coffee is free for the university students on weekdays.
the coffee machine on the third floor is not working today.
the collapse of the housing market makes recessions.
the college welcomes postgraduate students from all over the world.
the college welcomes students from all over the world.
the commission of fund supported among authorities has raised an argument.
the commissioner will allocate the funds among other authorities.
the commissioner will portion the funds among all the sovereignties.
the company needs to polish its image.
the competency in the language in the assignment is to use more formal words.
the computer memory of modern computer is extended every year.
the conference is predicted to draw greater numbers than last year.
the content is to define the combination of math and philosophy.
the content of the book on the cover must be in capitals.
the contest includes both the land living history and the human history.
the context includes both the land history and the human history.
the country has been heavily subsidized.
the country suffered a series of invasions by tribes from present-day germany and denmark.
the course comprises twenty hours of lectures, seminars and tutorials per week.
the course covers architecture planning and construction on the international scale.
the course dates are available on the college website.
the course examines one of the profound ethical dilemmas.
the course helps students to improve their pronunciation skills.
the course involves pure and applied mathematics.
the course registration is open early march for new students.
the current and conventional method has many disadvantages including the side effects.
the current statistical evidence indicates the need of further research.
the curriculum is described in the course syllabus.
the dance department stages elaborated performances each semester.
the date of the invention of the first clock was disputed among historians.
the deadline for the submission of this assignment is tomorrow.
the deadline of the marketing assignment has been extended.
the deadline of this assignment is tomorrow.
the decision was made with the support of several faculty members.
the degree is taught by using a mixture of lectures and seminars.
the department has higher than normal proportion of postgraduate students.
the department has organized a trip to london in july.
the department is doing research on biology.
the department works closely with its partners in the business community.
the designers will complete the plan later today
the development in information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
the development in the information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
the development was mainly included in chapter nine.
the digital camera has some advantages over traditional film.
the digital revolution has changed the way we read.
the dining hall will undergo renovations during the fall break.
the disease that was serious has now been eradicated
the doctor was not here today.
the drama society is now auditioning for parts in the student play.
the early works of this research were more experimental.
the early works were more philosophical rather than experimental.
the earth's atmosphere is mostly composed of nitrogen and oxygen.
the economic books are at the back on the left.
the economic class will take place in the main lecture room.
the economic predictions turn/turned out to be incorrect.
the economy now is on the first sign of recovery.
the effect of advertising is open to much debate.
the effective business management is always happened with new ideas.
the election of president is held once every four years.
the elective course introduces engineering students to construct practices and concepts.
the elephant is the largest land living mammal.
the elephant is the largest mammal on the land.
the employment demand in engineering is increasing rapidly.
the english degree involves certain placements in thirty years.
the english degree is a worthy degree of the third year.
the english word typhoon comes from the chinese word ‘big wind’.
the essay contains most of the important information.
the essay will be published once the research is finished.
the exam system has been upgraded due to a professional exam.
the exam system has been upgraded due to professional exams.
the excursion for children is very much open to debate.
the exposure of advertising to children is open to much debate.
the extent of advertising on children is very much open to debate.
the extent of advertising to children is very much open to debate.
the facts you have gone out with such infinite trouble were in failure to pinch.
the faculty staff are very approachable, friendly and extremely helpful.
the falling birth rate means the number of students dropped.
the features issued the same explanation of the problem.
the feedback from the students was positive.
the fertile plains in the east of the region provide excellent land for farming.
the fiction books are just past the counter.
the final year will consist of four taught courses and one project.
the financial report for the last quarter will be available this afternoon.
the findings of researchers are focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
the fire left the area almost completely devoid of vegetation.
the first assignment is due on the fourteenth of september
the first commercial advertising was built up on the island relatively recently.
the first commercial airport was built on the island relative recently.
the first few sentences of an essay should capture the readers’ attention.
the first person in space was from the soviet union.
the flexibility is the key factor in this course this semester.
the following economic policy lecture has been cancelled.
the gap between rich and poor is not decreasing rapidly as expected.
the gap between the rich and the poor was not decreased rapidly as expected.
the garden behind the university is open to the public in the summer.
the garden behind the university will open to the public in summer.
the generic biology technology lab is located at the north wing of the library.
the generic biology technology lab is located in the north wing of the library.
the geographic assignment should be submitted by the midday of friday.
the glimpse of dipping into this as a hobby is an enormously rewarding experience.
the goal of the company is to get investment.
the government financial plan has threatened the social services.
the government is funding research study on the consequences of unemployment.
the grade will be deducted for submitting after the due date.
the gravity is the force that attracts two bodies from one another.
the group performance will be in the concert hall.
the guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
the hardness of the butter is proportional to the softness of the bread.
the health center is situated at the corner of the university behind the library
the history course is assessed via three written assignments.
the history department is very active in research.
the history of economics is a tricky subject to study.
the history of the movement was recorded by several writers.
the history of the university is a long and interesting one.
the human being competed with each other for resources and space.
the hypothesis needs to be tested.
the hypothesis on the black hole is rendered moot as the explanation for the explosion.
the illnesses and diseases are coming.
the importance of this event is not yet fully understood.
the industrial revolution in europe was driven by steam technology.
the information on the internet become more reliable.
the inhabitants of wildlife have been ignored by developers.
the inherent tension between these two features remains to be addressed.
the initial results are intriguing; however, statistically speaking they are insignificant.
the interaction of climate change and soil degradation will probably aggravate conditions.
the internet has transformed the nature of publishing
the invention of the printing press increases the demand for paper.
the investigation aims to establish stains of the problem.
the island is located at the south end of the bay.
the issue burst the exploration of the problem.
the jobs tomorrow will require higher skill levels.
the key difference between courses is the kind of assessment.
the key findings seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
the key to success in the exam is to study hard and do well.
the key witnesses to the event have conflicting recollections.
the laboratory near the entrance of the library,
the large and wide table is not for sale.
the largest department in this university is history department.
the latest version of the operating system has many flaws.
the law library is closed on sundays and public holidays.
the leading companies have changed their policies and procedures after their reports were released.
the leading scientists speculate that numerous planets could support life forms.
the leaflets can be really useful when you are revising.
the lecture management in japan will take place in the week seven.
the lecture on child psychology has been postponed until friday.
the lecture on geology is postponed to another day.
the lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policies in the united states.
the lecture tomorrow will discuss the educational policy in the united states.
the lecture will cover the reason of climate change.
the lecture will deal with the influence of technology on music.
the library contains a wide collection of images and photographs.
the library has a number of collections of historical and social statistical publications.
the library has a wide range of collection of images and films.
the library has substantial materials of economic history.
the library holds a substantial collection of materials on economic history.
the library is closed for monday and thursday.
the library is located at the other side of the campus behind the student center.
the library offers group study rooms, so you can work with other students.
the library will be closed for 3 days over the bank holiday weekend.
the library will be closed for staff training tomorrow morning.
the library will stay open until midnight this week.
the lowest grade has been omitted from the calculation.
the main concepts in this thesis were not new.
the main concepts of these events were not yet fully understood.
the majority of the hardware we are using was built for a customer.
the massive accumulation of data is converted to a communicable argument.
the maximum production of chocolate is in u.s.
the media influence human options.
the medical center is located near the supermarket on north street.
the medical centre is located near the supermarket on north street.
the medium plays a significant role in shaping public opinion
the meeting for first year economic students is on tuesday.
the meeting has some struggle overlaps.
the meeting will take place in the main auditorium.
the minimal mark for distinction is no less than 75%.
the mismatch between the intended and reported uses of the instrument has become clear.
the modern approach to the problem is to stress the symbolic side of human nature.
the module of the work is more of a compositional style.
the morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
the most important details in this argument are missing.
the most important process of farming is weeding.
the most modern agricultural equipment is now extremely expensive.
the most popular courses still have a few places left.
the most striking thing about this budget of a smartphone cannot be seen on its face.
the museum is closed on thursday morning every month.
the nation achieved prosperity by opening its ports for trade.
the nearest automatic teller is in front of anatomy labs.
the nearest automatic teller is in front of the anatomy labs.
the negative discourse continues to be predominant in discussions about gender.
the new art gallery can only be visited on fridays.
the new biology course will be starting in february.
the new chemistry professor will deliver his first lecture tomorrow.
the new drug will be tested in north america.
the new english class will start next monday morning.
the new english classes will start next monday morning.
the new hypothesis needs to be tested with a new controlled experiment.
the new media has transformed the traditional national boundaries.
the new medical students must attend the talk about optional classes
the new paper challenged the previously accepted theories
the new product failed due to a lack of demand.
the new professor used to work in a world bank.
the new technician dropped the microscope in the biology lab.
the new timetable for the next term will be available next week.
the new timetable will be posted on the website before class starts.
the news is not received until the following week.
the next semester has many demanding courses.
the night's sky has always involved mystery and wonder.
the north campus car park could be closed on sunday.
the northern campus car park is located behind the library.
the number of companies bankruptcy skyrocketed in the third quarter.
the number of students registering for post graduate research has risen.
the office hours will be changed from next term.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays directly follow the freshman categories.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays directly following the freshman induction seminar.
the office opens on mondays and thursdays.
the office opens on wednesday and thursday.
the office said dr. smith will arrive later today.
the older equipment has been put at the back of the building.
the opening hours of the library are reduced during summer.
the opposition has so far been unresponsive to our proposal.
the orchestra will be led by a visiting conductor.
the original olympic game is one kind of original festival.
the original olympic games were celebrated as religious festivals.
the paper challenged many previously accepted theories.
the part of the story is the story of my father.
the participation rate in the study of language learning exceeded the expectations
the pharmacy was closed when i went past this morning.
the physics students will be given an additional module this year.
the placement test for mathematics and statistics is offered in this semester.
the plight of wildlife has been ignored by developers.
the policy aims to increase the investment in foreign currency.
the politics combine both the legislative and the political authorities.
the pollution level in new delhi has reached an alarming level.
the portfolio is due to the internal review office no later than tuesday.
the post office will be closed on mondays and fridays afternoon.
the poster of this play is hung in the large hall.
the prevailing wind ensures the terms of something.
the printers automatically print two sides of each page.
the problem of postgraduate students is funding.
the problem with this is that it fails to answer the basic question.
the professor has promised to put his lecture notes online.
the professor plans to discuss these issues this evening.
the professor took a year off to work on her book.
the professor took one year off to work on her book.
the professor will be the last speaker this evening.
the professor will talk about the summary in the lecture.
the program depend entirely on private funding.
the program depends entirely on private funding.
the program must be conducted abiding by general regulations
the program will be shown on the television during the weekend.
the prosperity of the united states can be described as the consequences of its open exports.
the psychology department is looking for volunteers to be involved in research projects.
the public is often misled by biased coverage.
the public is often misled by the biased coverage.
the puppets do comedy routines and there is some terrific formation dancing.
the purpose is to build new houses for local people.
the qualification will be assessed by using a conference criterion to approach.
the qualification will be assessed by using a criterion-referenced approach.
the quality of life is an important measure on which the cities are ranked.
the quality of our accommodation is high, but it is still affordable for students.
the railway makes long-distance travel possible for everyone.
the real group will perform in the concert hall.
the real reason for global hunger is not the lack of food, but poverty.
the recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
the recent study has thrown out the validity of the argument.
the recent technical advances have not only been big, they have also been fast.
the reception staff can give information of renting and printing.
the reception staff provides advice on renting private accommodation.
the reconciliation is important, the basic underlying issue must be first addressed.
the relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold.
the relevant materials are reserved in the library.
the renowned journalism will last for half of the century.
the report contains the most important information.
the research has produced some other unexpected results.
the research looked at neighbourhood cooperative schemes such as community gardens.
the research on cyclone tropical forest are forecasting the weather conditions.
the research paper examined the economies of three countries.
the research paper should begin with a thorough review of the literature.
the research will investigate the great impact of gender on social attitude.
the researchers are disappointed that their materials are proved to be inconclusive.
the researchers are disappointed that their results are proved to be inconclusive
the residence hall is closed prior to the academic building closing time at the end of the semester.
the resources cited are not enough for this assessment.
the rest of the material was deposited partway down the catchment.
the restrooms are down the hall to the right.
the result of the study underscored the discoveries from the early detections.
the result of the study will be published next month.
the results of the experiment are reported in the table below.
the results of the study underscored the discoveries from early detection.
the results will be available in the main course and online.
the rising of the sea level indicates climate change.
the romans left in 410, at the beginning of the 5th century.
the rules on breaks and lunch hours vary from company to the next
the same approach reached to the same explanation of the problem.
the same issue featured both explanations of the problem.
the schedule allows plenty of time for independent study.
the school canteen sells a large variety of water and food.
the school of arts and design has an open day on thursday next week.
the school's summer programs help students to accelerate their studies.
the scientists found most of the studies today.
the scientists now study a wide variety of atmospheric processes.
the scientists use the web to explore the problems.
the scientists will face both the explanations and the problems.
the search for universal explanations plays an important role in the development of archaeological theory.
the seminar on writing skills has been cancelled.
the seminar provides an opportunity to exchange ideas with other students.
the seminar will be on the next week of the quarter.
the seminar will now take place a week on tuesday.
the shipwreck of this year ruined some artifacts which were interested by historians.
the site is designed to be highly interactive.
the skills of great stage actors cannot be taught.
the slide shows that there has been a minimal growth.
the slide shows there has been a minimal growth.
the small indian island is made up of forests and snowy valleys.
the smart city is an idea that has captured the imagination of governments all over the world.
the smoke from these contributed a great deal to the air pollution.
the sociology department is highly regarded worldwide.
the sociology exam will take place in week thirteen.
the software companies design and create new products.
the solar energy department is highly regarded worldwide.
the speaker mentioned two things that affect happiness.
the sports team members often practice on weekdays and play games on weekends.
the spot of lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
the stairs are to the left of the elevator.
the student housing is of very high quality, but still affordable.
the student magazine is looking for a new editor.
the student service center is located on the main campus behind the library.
the student welfare officer can help students with different issues.
the student welfare officer can help you with questions about exam techniques.
the students are waiting for a meal.
the students have options to live in residences or apartments.
the students will meet their new teachers after the summer vacation.
the studies showed the hong kong people are the most active in asia.
the study of anthropology can help us learn about society today.
the study of archaeology requires intensive international fieldwork.
the study of history can provide unique insight.
the study of utilizing projects is funded by the university.
the study showed that people's mood could be affected by news and weather reports.
the study showed that people’s mood can be affected by news and weather reports.
the study shows the sense of recent technologies.
the subject was complex and hard to explain.
the summer course was cancelled due to insufficient re-enrollments.
the synopsis contains the most important information.
the task tomorrow will require higher level skills.
the task tomorrow will require higher level.
the teacher asked the group to commence the task.
the teacher explained the homework to the class.
the teacher training is an observation of the classes.
the teaching staff are actively engaged in original research.
the technician left the new microscope in the biology lab.
the technology has transformed the nature of society.
the technology they introduced meant that metal and leather goods were produced there for the first time.
the television output is giving evident educational programming.
the temperature in summer is lower when comparing to the fall.
the terms of illnesses and diseases are often confused despite the clear differences
the test selected materials from all chapters in this course this semester.
the theatre courses are encouraging students to access creativity.
the theme of the instrumental work exhibits more of a demure, compositional style.
the theoretical proposal was challenging to grasp.
the theory has a great control of controversy.
the thief visited homes of several people every day.
the thought’s never crossed my mind.
the time of the math lecture has been changed to ten thirty.
the timetable for the next term will be available next week.
the timetable will be posted on the website before the class starts.
the topic for discussion is usually related to the topic for a speech.
the topic next week on our column will be the nuclear disarmament.
the toughest part of public transport is funding.
the toughest part of research for postgraduate students is funding.
the translator is not available in our department.
the trial experiment is to increase the interests of the issue and the jurisdiction clause.
the trip for the professional training will start soon, so, pack the items before we leave.
the tutor is there to help, so do ask if you don’t understand anything.
the tutorial is held on the 8th of april.
the tutorial timetable can be found on the course website.
the two sides have disagreed on how to solve the problem.
the two variables in the study were very closely correlated.
the undergraduate students are teaching with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
the undergraduates need some specific sources to analyse a specific program.
the undergraduates students are taught with a rigorous course in our psychology department.
the united kingdom is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy.
the united states has become a coffee culture in recent years.
the united states has the maximum production of chocolate.
the universities provide exchange programs to other countries.
the university canteen is now offering many healthy meal options.
the university celebrated earth day by planting trees.
the university has a lot of travel scholarships available that students can apply for.
the university has a world renowned school of archaeology.
the university has a world-renowned school of archaeology.
the university is dedicated to providing quality education to all students.
the university is working towards being more environmentally sustainable.
the university library has most of the necessary books.
the university library held the collections of geological theories
the university library holds a number of collections of geological maps.
the university main library will be open till midnight until next monday.
the university officer will help you locate housing and transportation.
the university provides different facilities for students and staff.
the university provides excellent leisure facilities for students and staff.
the university seeks the funds for renovation of the theatre.
the university sent exchanged students to other countries.
the university should invest technology methods designed to support learning.
the university supplies a number of scholarships for those who have specific goals.
the university theatre group will be performing in the concert hall.
the university will introduce several new courses in the coming year.
the untapped potential use of sun rays is phenomenal
the untapped potential way to monitoring sun's rise is phenomenal.
the urban geography degree includes the study of demography.
the us ranks the twenty-second in foreign aid, given it as a percentage of gdp.
the use of dictionary is not allowed during the examination.
the use of mobile phone is not permitted in the library.
the use of mobile phones is not permitted in the library.
the verdict depends on which side is more convincing to the jury.
the very basic definition of computing would be counting and calculation.
the visiting guest used to be the lecturer of this department.
the visiting professor is going to give a lecture on geology.
the visitor used to be the lecturer of this department.
the vocabulary with particular meaning is jargon.
the way of looking at something depends on your situation.
the ways in which people communicate are constantly changing.
the weather used to be lovely at this time of the year.
the website interface represents the stimulus that influence consumer’s decision making.
the well-known economist was supposed to reread the subscription before eight.
the wheelchair lift will be upgraded this month.
the whole point of the project was to look at the norm but not the exception.
the wildlife have been ignored by developers.
the winter sun is lower but high enough to produce enough warmth.
the workshop will show you how to search the library catalogues
the world is now getting warmer at a fast rate.
theft happens to a thousand people every day.
theories are based on the practical as discussed.
there are a range of housing options near the university.
there are a variety of different ways to present statistical information.
there are a variety of disciplines in the field of engineering.
there are a wide variety of disciplines within the field of engineering.
there are dedicated specialist librarians available all the time.
there are hundreds of clubs and societies to choose from.
there are lots of people competing for the places in computer courses.
there are many branches of medical studies.
there are many concerns about the research, for example, financial considerations.
there are many different styles of business management.
there are many exciting developments occurring in the industry.
there are many good reasons to plant trees in city.
there are many types of governments in the world.
there are new innovations in the field of digital architecture.
there are no places left in the morning tutorial.
there are no scheduled classes during the final exam weeks.
there are opportunities to receive the grants from most artistic fields.
there are places on campus where you can't get milk.
there are places that we can get milk.
there are so many fast food outlets on campus nowadays
there are some doubts about whether these events actually occurred.
there are still many people struggling in the lab.
there are still many people who struggle in the lab.
there are varying plagiarism policies across different university departments.
there has been a rapid growth in the commercial market.
there have been long streams of extreme weather throughout human history
there have been too many struggles in the mathematics department.
there is a limited amount of departmental funding which is available for qualified students.
there is a need for constructive dialogues between leaders.
there is a new chemistry test next week.
there is a pharmacy on campus near the store.
there is a plan in place for those who have difficulty paying their bills.
there is a point between chemistry and other side of subjects.
there is a position available for a junior lecturer in media studies.
there is a position available for assistant lecturer for mathematics.
there is a separate reading list for each course.
there is a significant difference between theory and practice in education.
there is a strict eligibility criterion to undertake background speaker studies.
there is a welcome party for all new students each term.
there is a welcome party for all new students for each term.
there is a widely believed perception that engineering is for boys.
there is absolutely no archaeological evidence to prove that alexander the great existed.
there is an accounting assessment for finance students.
there is an important difference between mass production and batch production.
there is an overlap between chemistry and other subjects.
there is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment
there is clearly a need for further research in this field.
there is considerably less supervision at university.
there is limited funding in this department to support qualified students.
there is little evidence available to contradict his viewpoints.
there is no criterion passed for qualified journalists.
there is no economic reason why public borrowing is necessarily bad.
there is no economic recognition that borrowing is necessarily bad.
there is no entrance fee for tonight’s lecture.
there is no fixed career path for a qualified journalist.
there is no much interconnection between philosophy and psychology.
there is no reason to prove that boredom is necessarily bad.
there is not enough evidence to support this recommendation.
there is plenty of cheap accommodation off-campus.
there is varying plagiarism across different university departments.
there may be financial concerns in the research, for example, funding considerations.
there was a prize for the best student of the presentation.
there was no correlation between drug used and cure rates.
there was not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
there were a lot of traffic jams this morning.
there will be a conference here next summer on using the web for academic research.
there will be a guest lecture in the next class.
there will be a guest lecturer visiting the department next month.
there will be a guest lecturer visiting the psychology department next month.
there will be a meeting for the first year students on friday.
there will be a significant rise in tuition fees starting next year.
there will be ample opportunities to ask questions about the presentation.
there will be an open book exam on monday, the 28th.
there will be no extensions given for this project.
there won't any space for me in the car.
there's an hourly bus service from the campus into town.
these features were part of the previous system.
these have also been found to contribute to the death of many marine animals.
these regions were both areas of economic development.
these research, data and collections should be analyzed.
these words recognized the excellence of undergraduates' research projects.
they developed a unique approach to training their employees.
they have both grown up in the rural area and dislike the urban life.
they have enough works to keep them going.
they have struggled since last year to make their services paid.
they look at the health needs of the local community and develop plans to set priorities locally.
they say professor james's lectures are always interesting and funny.
they were struggling last year to make their service paid.
they were struggling last year to make their service pay.
they were struggling to pay their fees last year.
this advanced course requires a basic knowledge of economic theory.
this article covers architecture planning and construction.
this article covers the who, where and when of the conflict.
this article refers to a number of interesting experiments.
this book can be borrowed for a maximum of one week.
this class will look at the structure of the essay.
this course aims to develop your knowledge of statistics.
this course can help to deepen your appreciation of art.
this course considerably emphasizes on the critical thinking skills.
this course will examine some of the profound ethical dilemmas.
this essay examined the use of computer in the science classroom.
this essay will argue technology does more harm than good.
this graph shows there is a minimum growth.
this guy is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
this is a composed course, so make sure you attend.
this is a prestigious program for our university.
this is an integrated course with several elements.
this is how we deliver health care to millions of people over the world.
this is interesting in parliament.
this is the third time you've asked for an extension on this project.
this lecture was meant to start at 10.
this lecture was meant to start at ten.
this material is good for the next week's seminar.
this means we will have so many troubles on the lab.
this module develops our understanding of the theory behind advertising campaigns.
this morning's lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
this newspaper challenges the previously accepted theories.
this paper challenged the previously accepted theories.
this paper has the potential to transform life science.
this part of the session is not supported by documentation.
this part of the story is the story of my father.
this problem is complex and difficult to explain.
this process has enabled the rational identification of core machinery.
this project is divided into four main sections.
this schedule allows a lot of time for independent study.
this science fiction novel uses inventions of better space to create the setting.
this semester we plan to specialize in educational psychology.
this slide shows that there has been a minimal growth.
this slide shows there is a minimum growth.
this small indian state is a land of forest valleys and snowy islands.
this software company designs and creates new products.
this work will be the starting point of my discussion today.
this year we are applying to use a different type of assessment on this module.
those events are not yet fully understood.
those lectures begin promptly, so do not be late
those reference books are too old, while the others are ok.
those students have to retake the module if their marks are too low.
those students seeking formal extension should talk to their faculties for more information.
those who are considering a career of marketing should attend the talk.
those who seek for formal extension should contact their faculty for more information.
those who want to apply for an extension should contact their faculty.
thousands of people turned out ahead of the prestigious election.
three of the students were confused by the key hypothesis.
three types of resources are enough for ...
time and distance are used to calculate speed.
time and space are used to calculate the distance.
time is needed to complete the lecture.
time was needed to process complex topics of the lectures.
timetables about new term will be available next week.
to achieve full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
to contact the education executive, you need to call 401.
to gain full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
to improve the essay, i decided to include more direct quotes.
to measure distance could take as much as three weeks.
to receive the reimbursement, you must keep the original receipts.
to understand its entity, we need to go back to its origin.
today we will look at how to display the data visually.
today's lecture material will be included in the next assessment.
today, we will be discussing the role of the government in preventing injustice.
today, we will discuss the sonnet and course papers.
today’s history lecture has been moved to the lecture theatre.
tom doesn't watch tv except on saturdays.
tom suggested another plan to the committee.
tomorrow's lunch time seminar on nuclear engineering has been postponed.
too much information may be avoided by good research design.
tours operate all year around, but the busier season runs from may.
traffic is the main cause for pollution in many cities.
traffic is very bad in the evening, therefore we must leave early.
traffic snarled up on both sides of the road.
travelling by boat on the river is not possible in winter.
trees benefit the city by absorbing water run off road.
tribes vied with each other to build up monolithic statues.
tribes work with each other to build monolith statues.
tribes worked with each other to build monolithic statues.
try to explain how your ideas are linked so that there is a logical flow.
try to work with each other to build up a sense of cooperation and team spirit.
tuesday's lecture on social psychology will now take place in the central hall.
tutorials are held for two hours every thursday during the semester.
tutors should set goals at the start of the class.
undergraduate students may participate in specific stages within the program.
undergraduate students may pursue their specific interests within specific programs.
undergraduates have a wide range of cultural modules to choose from.
undergraduates may pursue their specific interests within certificate programs.
understanding how to use the library will save your time.
understanding visual media has never been more challenging.
unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level in years.
unfortunately, the two most interesting economics selections clash on my timetable.
unfortunately, their immune systems were not strong enough to fight off common earthly bacteria.
university departments carefully monitor articles and other publications by faculty.
university departments should carefully monitor articles and publications by faculty.
university fees are expected to increase next year.
university graduates will work for a year in industries.
university student should purchase the graduation gown for the commencement.
university students pay a lot of money for their education.
unlike applied arts, fine arts do not serve a practical function.
unlike the other store, where it can take up to 14 days, this will only be a week.
unusual patterns are making farming more difficult.
unusual patterns make farming more difficult.
unusual weather patterns are making farming more difficult today.
upgrading manufacturing systems can increase efficiency.
urban planning emphasizes on expenses community.
urbanization provides emphasis on the expense of other communities.
various measures were proposed which would not have aggravated the situation.
very little of the work of today’s knowledge firm is repetitive or mechanical.
vessels carry blood from the heart to other parts of the body.
visual aids can make presentations clear and more interesting.
vocabulary in a special field is jargon.
water is heated to something and added to the mixture
water taps on the campus will discourage the frequent use of plastic bottles.
we aim to develop a partnership with the government and financial institutions.
we are able to work in a team.
we are achieving common prosperity throughout the department.
we are also going to be more prescriptive about what you focus on in your presentation.
we are continuing to provide learning resources.
we are dealing with the most challenges that we face today.
we are delighted to have professor robert to join our faculty.
we are facing the discomfort on campus.
we are fixing up disposable cups on campus.
we are more able to accommodate postgraduate students than previously possible.
we are no longer responding to any reference requests.
we are not going to accept the assignment after the due day on friday.
we are on track for one billion tobacco related deaths this century.
we are phasing out the disposal cups on campus.
we are required to submit the assignment before friday.
we are researching on the most significant challenges we are facing today.
we are rethinking the solutions for the society.
we are so dependent on the computer that we cannot live without it.
we are warning the clients that the rates are increasing.
we can meet in the office after the lecture.
we can work together to achieve the higher educational standards.
we can't consider any increases in our prices at this stage.
we cannot consider increasing the price at this stage.
we developed a method for evaluation of dynamic changes.
we didn't mean to ask him to do it because he cannot manage it.
we didn’t have any noticeable variance between the two or three tasks.
we divide our class into two groups. you come with me, the rest should stay here.
we don't accept assignments submitted after the due day.
we don't have enough evidence to draw conclusions.
we don't teach in the same way as we used to.
we have a lecture in the morning on thursday.
we have not yet achieved equality in our society.
we have sufficient ways to study in brain action.
we help individuals to develop and follow their interest.
we help students to develop their individuals and follow their interest.
we hold the visiting hours throughout the year for students.
we hold visiting tours throughout the year for students.
we like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
we must not be discouraged by setbacks in life.
we must put great care when analyzing data.
we need to approach communication in an open way.
we need to hand in our assignments by the end of the week.
we need to hand in the assignment by next week.
we need to hand in the essay by next week.
we need to make sure the school principal know about the changes.
we no longer respond to any postal reference requests.
we offer a broad range of undergraduate and postgraduate courses.
we prefer postgraduate students than previously possible.
we provide a wide range of courses to undergraduate and postgraduate students.
we shall be studying economy of several developing countries.
we shall be studying the economy of several developing countries.
we should have a meeting to discuss and report.
we should never underestimate the power of creative
we study science to understand and appreciate the world around us.
we support the research on problems related to tropical cyclone dynamics and forecasting.
we support to do research in the field of archaeology such as forecasting and estimation.
we want to attract the very best students regardless of their financial circumstances.
we were able to contact a number of research subjects.
we were able to contact a number of researchers.
we will never learn that if life exists on other planets.
we will see if we can get through this without too many interruptions.
we will study the following two pictures in the next lecture.
we would like a first draft of the assignment by monday.
we would like a videotape for the lecture.
we would like people to write a case study, describing an organization they know.
weather patterns have been changed significantly over the past two hundred years.
we’re constantly looking for ways to bring industry and agriculture close together.
we’ve decided to ask you to write four short pieces of written coursework this semester.
what distinguishes him from others is that he used black and white photography.
what is the most effective way of interaction between teachers and students in class?
what surprised me is the number of students in this course.
when bad drove out good, the local workers were more difficult than their competitors.
when everyone commits to looking after their health, soft drinks will not be on the menu.
when i was in school, i had many of the same problems you have now.
when launching a product, research and marketing are very vital.
when meeting high potential risks, companies will raise their price.
when parents talk to children, the tense is simplified.
when sentencing, the courter will depend on if the criminal is guilty or not.
when the court pronounces the sentence, the judge will see if she is regretting.
when the demand for the course rose, university authorities took on additional academic staff.
when the roots of a plant failed, foliage suffers.
when we are stressed, our skin releases a natural chemical, hormone, that repels mosquitoes.
when we think about communication we think about interaction.
when workers ask for an increase in wages, the company raises its prices.
when workers ask for higher wages, companies often raise their prices.
while concealing ideas is desirable, basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
while reconciliation is desirable, the basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
while the information indicates something for consuming products
why has the project been held up for so long?
will those happy days ever be forgotten by you?
with the development of technology, something brings a lot of benefits to the us
without doubt his primary motive was economic growth.
without doubt, this theory has a number of limitations.
words can’t express how sad we are to hear your loss.
would you like to videotape our lecture?
would you pass me the book on the left-hand side?
would you pass the material text book on the table?
would you please put the materials on the table?
would you prepare some powerpoint slides with appropriate graphs?
writing an essay is easy once the research is finished.
years of training is required to become of a medical specialist.
you are not allowed to submit your assignments after the due date next week.
you are not permitted to take reference books out of the library.
you are required to complete the research paper by monday.
you are required to complete the research paper by next monday.
you are required to submit your assignment by friday.
you are trained to be a special journalist.
you can buy a ticket for the lecture from the school secretary.
you can change your courses on the website during the registration period.
you can contact all your tutors by e-mail.
you can contact all your tutors by email.
you can download all lecture handouts from the course website.
you can find a lot more information on the university website.
you can find a lot more information on university website.
you can find a lot more references information on the university website.
you can find the student service centre on level one of home building.
you can find the students service desk located on the ground floor of the whole building.
you can get a student card at the reception.
you can get your coffee and tea in the lounge.
you can have student discount in many campus stores including the coffee house.
you can have your laptop during the exam.
you can keep your bags in the backroom.
you can pay using cash or a credit card.
you can request library books by using the electronic catalogue.
you can retake the module if your marks are too low.
you cannot renew any overdue books in the science library.
you come with me and the others stay here.
you don't have to be on professor smith's course to attend this lecture.
you don’t need to have specialist knowledge to be able to read the book.
you have the freedom to study what interests you most.
you have to learn how to use the library to save your time.
you have to send me your essay in two core and three optional modules.
you may need to purchase an academic gown before the commencement.
you must call your doctor to make an appointment.
you must complete this chapter before going to the field trip.
you must establish a day and a time with your tutor.
you must figure out the mathematical problems and apply what you learned.
you must hand in your essays by midday on friday.
you must read the supplementary materials as the professor has a habit of asking questions from it.
you must set a security question when resetting your password.
you must sign for attendance in this class.
you must submit your assignment by next friday at the latest.
you must take 3 core and 2 elective courses in the semester.
you need to be careful when quoting internet source.
you need to finish the reporting of the chapter before going on the field trip.
you need to finish the reporting of the chapter before going to the field trip.
you need to give a better example to support your argument.
you need to hand in an essay in the next semester.
you need to put these books on the table over there.
you need to read the chapter before the management class
you need to save your files before turning off the computer.
you need to write a proposal for your research.
you should allocate your time wisely when revising.
you should draw your graph on a separate page.
you should enquire about the direct deposit.
you should include these two pictures from the lecture in your assignment.
you should include your name and identification number in the application form.
you should include your name and identity number in the registration form.
you should inform your professor if you are absent from your classroom.
you should provide examples to support your ideas and arguments.
you should raise your concern with the head of school.
you should submit your essay by midnight tomorrow.
you should submit your team papers to the general office.
you were able to contact a number of research subjects.
you will acquire many skills during the academic studies.
you will be informed of the results by email.
you will be less stressed if you are well prepared for the exam.
you will be tested via quiz and dissertation.
you will find the economic section on the second floor of the library.
you will need to purchase an academic gown for commencement.
you will need to read chapter one before the management class.
you will portray your plan and sign off on your paper.
you will take on your uniform on the first day.
you wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
you're the best advertising executive this company has ever had.
your agent will collect commission for each house they sell.
your application for a research grant has been received.
your enrollment information, results and fees will be available online.
your enrolment information, results and fees will be available online.
your ideas are discussed depending on your seminar or tutorial.
your ideas are sophisticated in seminars and tutorials.
your lowest grade has been eliminated from the calculation.
your lowest quiz grade has been omitted from the calculations.
your statistical information depends on your raw data.
your summary should be as clear and concise as possible.
your summary should be as clear and precise as possible.
your task is to create demand for the product.
your thesis must have a fairly large scope.
your thesis should have a fairly limited scope.
your watch is fast, you need to reset it.